
----- PAGE 1 -----
Part I
2022年12月大学英语六级考试真题（第1 套）
Writing
扫码获音频
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence ((With the application of information technology in education, college students can
now learn in more diverse and efficient ways.You can make statements, give reasons, or cite
examples to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200
words.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) She hasn't started writing it. 
C) She is proofreading the first draft.
B) She hasn't decided on a topic. 
D) She is working on the references.
2. A) He lent many books to the man for reference.
B) He offered the man advice on resource hunting.
C) He published a lot in a number of reputable journals.
D) He told the man to be selective when using e-resources.
3. A) He didn't think her dissertation topic viable.
B) He wasn't interested in her dissertation topic.
C) He didn't want her to rush through her dissertation.
D) He wasn't specific about the length of her dissertation.
4. A) Change her research methodology. 
C) Consult her professor more.
B) Narrow down her dissertation topic. 
D) Follow the man's advice.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) He has translated 12 books. 
C) His books sell well worldwide.
B) He is a well-known nutritionist. 
D) His latest book sold a million copies.
6. A) The desire of Americans to try exotic cuisines.
B) The demand for information about food safety.
C) The fact that over half of Americans are overweight.
D)The fact that science books are difficult to read.
7. A) The general public.
B) Those who are overweight.
8. A) Switch to a vegetarian diet.
B) Follow a personalized diet.
C) Those who want to lose weight.
D) The medical community.
C) Adhere to doctors' advice.
D) Cut carbohydrate intake.
Section B
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第1 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 2 -----
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end o f each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) The rate of their growth increased dramatically.
B) The growth of their new brain cells doubled.
C) They began to show signs of depression.
D) They began to get irritated and restless.
10. A) To avoid them in the future. 
C) To make good sense of them.
B) To warn others against them. 
D) To reflect on their causes.
11. A) Produce a surprising healing effect.
B) Weaken one's immunity in the long run.
C) Make people more susceptible to illness.
D) Provide protection against mental illnesses.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Placing their own interests over their staff's.
B) Being overwhelmed by their daily routines.
C) Lacking the ability to relate to their staff.
D) Spending too much time handling email.
13. A) Their leadership may be challenged.
B) Their companies may go bankrupt.
C) Unexpected events may occur.
D) Major problems may result.
14. A) Keep an eye on their employees.
B) Motivate and inspire their team.
C) Sacrifice some of the immediate goals.
D) Have greater ambition in overall planning.
15. A) Cultivate self-control.
B) Filter their email boxes.
C) Respond only after work.
D) Check only when necessary.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) The key to increasing healthy food supply.
B) The best way to improve marketing research.
C) The impact of advertisements on consumption.
D) The importance of the appearance of food.
17. A) By focusing on the nutrients in different foods.
B) By emphasizing the diversity of food.
C) By stressing pleasing aesthetics of food.
D) By winning the support of marketing professors.
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第2 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 3 -----
18. A) They can attract customers with the healthy qualities of their products.
B) They can boost sales of healthy foods by making them visually appealing.
C) They can turn to marketing professors for advice.
D) They can rely on advertising for sales promotion.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It has witnessed a spectacular surge in demand.
B) It has met much criticism from environmentalists.
C) It has seen more small businesses offering environment-friendly products.
D) It has experienced increasingly fierce competition among global companies.
20. A) Consumers now know much more about technology.
B) Their mass production has sharply reduced the price.
C) Consumers tend to favor all that is novel.
D) Their quality has been greatly improved.
21. A) Purchasing only this kind of products fbr home cleaning.
B) Writing positive comments about them on social media.
C) Demonstrating on TV how effective these products are.
D) Telling one another about their incomparable virtues.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Increasing cleaners5 workload. 
C) Breaking a time-honored ritual.
B) Blocking the fountains? works. 
D) Polluting the fountains? water.
23. A) They are occasionally retrieved by curious tourists.
B) They are regularly donated to charity organizations.
C) They are mostly used fbr the fountains? maintenance.
D) They are usually used as wages fbr fountain cleaners.
24. A) It is invested in a series of businesses.
B) It is used exclusively for its maintenance.
C) It is used to run a supermarket for the needy.
D) It is estimated to be about $40,000 a month.
25. A) He was arrested fbr stealing money from four fountain cleaners.
B) He was sentenced to 34 years9 imprisonment.
C) He collected rare coins from around the world.
D) He stole a lot of money from a fountain with a magnetic stick.
Part III
Section A
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第3 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 4 -----
During the summer, when I was a visiting poet at a residency out of state, an angry,
confused woman wandered into my class and said: "I have three guns and I want to use
them.^^ We all 
26 
. It wasn't clear if she had the guns, but we each know that, when we
teach in America, we are already in danger.
I was dizzy with fear. The woman, who later turned out to be a schizophrenic (精,中分
裂症患者) without 
27 
to her medications, was, by some force, wrestled out
and 
28 
away, then put in a hospital fbr observation, in a step that was actually safer
fbr everyone than any one of us pressing charges. My class went on; we talked about poems.
But despite the foct that the rest of our days on campus passed 
29 
, I was rattled. I
couldn't shake the sense that in this country we always live at 
30 
risk.
A few months later, crisis 
31 
again. While my husband was locking his bike to
drop off our 3-year-old daughter for her preschool-aged day camp, a different woman
approached. Swiftly and for no 
32 
reason, she bent down, picked up our daughter,
and began to carry her down the street. It was so fast and confusing that my
daughter 
33 
cried. My husband, in a burst of speed, chased the woman and reclaimed
our daughter. The woman, clearly confused, retreated into the public library. A 
34 
of
homeless people who generally know the other homeless in the area said they did not
recognize the woman. The woman was so clearly unwell that when she was taken into
custody she was incoherent. Heartbreakingly, she called our daughter by the name of
someone else's child. Each part of the episode was as haunting as it was 
35 
.
A) access
I) network
B) apparent
J) overriding
C) barely
K) peacefully
D) dedication
L) presumably
E) escorted
M) stifled
F) froze
N) struck
G) incredible
0) terrifying
H) indignant
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
This man is running 7 marathons on 7 continents in 7 days
A) Michael Wardian pushed forward into the penetrating arctic (才匕极的)wind, fighting the
urge to speed up. Too much effort and he'd begin to sweat, which, he was told, would
only increase the risk of hypothermia (体温过彳氐).
B) At the 2014 North Pole Marathon, the temperature dipped to minus-22 degrees F, with a
wind chill that made it feel even colder. Along the route, armed guards wandered the
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第4 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 5 -----
large sheets of floating ice to minimize the risk of polar bear attacks.
C) “I like to do stuff that scares me,“ Wardian said. With ice frozen to his beard, Wardian
crossed the finish line that April afternoon in a winning time of 4 hours 7 minutes and
40 seconds, almost two hours slower than his personal best over 26.2 miles. The race
for Wardian, however, was less about the result than overcoming his aversion to the
cold.
D) In a few days, Wardian will once again compete in an unfamiliar territory and
below-freezing temperatures. He will line up Monday in Antarctica (南 极)fbr the first
leg of the World Marathon Challenge- joining 32 other adventure seekers on an
unusual journey where participants travel through different time zones and climates to
run seven marathons on seven continents in seven days.
E) An elite ultra-runner, Wardian has his sights on breaking the evenfs record average
marathon time of 3:32:25 set last January by U.S. Marine Corps captain Daniel Cartica.
Wardian, a 42-year-old Arlington resident, is a record-breaking racer, known in the
ultra-running community fbr seeking tough courses and setting world records. Last year,
he ran 1,254.65 miles in 47 races. The World Marathon Challenge, like most of
Wardian's running goals, will be about pushing his limits. "I love diverse and unique
challenges,he said. 'Tm  definitely interested in seeing what I can handle and what my
body can accept. That drives me.^^
F) Something about the way Richard Donovan carried himself appealed to Wardian.
Perhaps it was the sense of adventure Donovan displayed when they first met at the
2010 5OK Championships in Galway, Ireland, where Donovan was the race director.
The two hit it off, and soon Wardian was participating in Donovan's events. It was at
the North Pole Marathon, a race that Donovan organizes, that Wardian first heard about
the Irishman's plan for the World Marathon Challenge- a challenge that Donovan
himself completed in 2009 and 2012. “I knew that many people had a goal of running
seven marathons on seven continents during any time period,“ Donovan, 50, said. "I felt
the natural extension to this idea would be to try to achieve it within a seven-day
period.^^
G) Wardian started saving fbr the trip in 2014, connecting with sponsors and getting
approval from his wife, Jennifer, before committing. Registration fbr the event costs
36,000 euros, which covers international charter flights to each of the seven marathon
locations: Union Glacier (Antarctica), Punta Arenas, Chile (South America), Miami
(North America), Madrid (Europe), Marrakesh, Morocco (Africa), Dubai (Asia) and
Sydney (Australia). The challenge is a test of both physical strength and mental fitness.
Sleeping on a crammed plane, adjusting to different time zones and finding food to eat
(Wardian is a vegetarian) would make it an exhausting trip over a month, let alone a
week. "The key to a race like this is getting comfortable being uncomfortable,said
Becca Pizzi, last year's women's champion. "The highs of the race are incredibly high,
and the lows incredibly low.”
H) Since turning it into an organized event in 2015, Donovan has attracted a variety of
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第5 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 6 -----
runners. This year's challenge will feature a far more elite field, which includes Ryan
Hall, America's fastest marathon runner. Despite his proven track record, Hall said he
has no time goals and that he still suffers from the same fatigue issues that forced him to
leave the professional ranks in 2015. Hall plans to run with his friend, Pastor Matthew
Barnett of The Dream Center in Los Angeles-
one of the six American men who will
be competing. "I don't expect to run a step with Mike, but I will be excited to see how
he does,^^ said the 34-year-old Hall, who began weight-lifting after retiring. 4tIf I finish
within an hour of him in each marathon, I'd be surprised.^^
I) Instead, 43-year-old Petr Vabrousek, an elite Czech Ironman champion, is expected to be
Wardian's closest challenger. To others on the trip, simply finishing will be its own
reward. Sinead Kane of Ireland is aiming to become the first blind person to complete the
challenge. And Beth Ann Telford, a 47-year-old federal government worker from Fairfax
and the only American female in this year's mix, is using the event as a platform to raise
money for cancer research. It's a cause with a personal connection to Telfbrd, who was
diagnosed with brain cancer in 2004. “Doing something like this is definitely the hardest
challenge that Fve ever done except for the chemotherapy and brain surgery,“ she said.
“It's going to raise awareness ... I just wanted to do something that is epic and this
certainly is right up there." Wardian, too, hopes his involvement will give him a platform
to promote a cause. He recently became an ambassador for the United Nations Women's
HeForShe initiative to fight inequalities faced by women and girls worldwide.
J) On a chilly December afternoon, Wardian wove through Washington's crowded
sidewalks on the way home from his full-time job as an international ship broker. His
elastic, 6-foot frame bounced gently and efficiently off the ground with each step of the
hilly six-mile trip back to Arlington. This is a daily routine during the week for Wardian,
who started racing professionally in 2003 and runs seven days a week, often multiple
times a day. When he travels, he prefers to explore new places on his feet.
K) But in some ways, Wardian still has trouble thinking of himself as a runner. For the
majority of his childhood, Wardian devoted his energy to becoming a Division I
lacrosse (长 曲才昆球)player- a dream he realized when he was recruited to play at
Michigan State University. t4Once he decides to do something, he just works at it until
he does it,“ MichaePs younger sister, Mariele, said. "Once he decides to do it, ifs
usually something that's going to happen. He's always been like that. He's a very
motivated individual.^^
L) It was only a year or so ago that Wardian realized that he had been a runner longer than
a lacrosse player. It was not until he ran in the 2004 U.S. Olympic Marathon Trials- the
first of three for Wardian- that he felt that he was a legitimate runner. Now more than
10 years and numerous ultra-marathon national titles and world records later, he
embraces that identity. Wardian wants to see how far his legs can take him, one epic
challenge at a time. 4tI want to always keep doing things that are exciting, adventurous,
different and most importantly, probably things I'm  not the best at,“ Wardian said,
“because if you5re not seeking things out that are challenging and difficult for you, then
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第6 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 7 -----
you're not growing... So I hope maybe people see what I do, and say, 'Okay, I want to
do something different or try something new... I'm going to do something that scares
me.' Thafs what I'm hoping people will take from it.”
36. Wardian regards the various extraordinary challenges as a test of his physical
endurance.
37. Wardian hopes his participation in the seven-day marathon series will contribute to a
worthy cause.
38. Wardian is going to join over thirty other runners in a week-long marathon series.
39. Over-exertion in extreme cold can lower one's body temperature to a dangerous point.
40. Wardian was very much impressed by a race director's sense of adventure.
41. Once Wardian sets his mind on something, he is determined to make it happen.
42. One top American marathoner quit his running career because of his physical condition.
43. To many of the week-long marathon participants, completing the race will be a success
in itself.
44. For Wardian, the marathon in the Arctic was more about how to triumph over the
extreme cold.
45. To participate in the seven-day marathon series, Wardian had to raise a lot of money and
have his wife's support.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Many people associate their self-worth with their work. The more successful their
career, the better they feel about themselves. Work-related self-esteem is therefore a worthy
ideal to pursue with vigor, right? Well, not always. According to recent research, in which
psychologists interviewed 370 full-time workers over a period of three weeks, the reality is
a little more complicated. And it involves negative as well as positive consequences.
Ifs natural to be drawn towards pleasure and to step away from pain. In the workplace,
if that pleasure comes from a triumph which swells our self-respect, people will try to repeat
the accomplishment. But repeating that accomplishment is often not realistic, which can lead
to severe negative emotional consequences when it doesn't reoccur. This form of motivation
is widely regarded as a negative type of motivation. It can hinder other more positive
motivation types, such as completing a task purely because it's fulfilling or enjoyable.
What consumes the employee instead is a pressing need to feel mighty and sure of
themselves. They then take on only tasks and objectives which serve that ego-driven need.
As a result, to avoid feelings of shame and worthlessness associated with failure, they
extend themselves to such a degree that there5s a subsequent adverse effect on their
well-being. This internal pressure to succeed at all costs demands a lot of effort. It depletes
their energy, culminating in disproportionate levels of damaging sentiment.
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第7 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 8 -----
Those negative emotions mount into heightened anxiety, impacting their ability to
make the most of their personal life. Their desire to avoid feeling inferior ends up making
them feel inferior when it comes to their diminished capacity for friendship and leisure.
They end up dissatisfied both at work and outside of it.
But thankfully, fbr those people compelled almost entirely by this specific form of
motivation, the news isn't all bad, or bad at all. The study also discovered several positive
outcomes that can actually outweigh the harmful ones. Though these types of employees
are motivated by the desire to avoid negative consequences, they are also motivated by the
excitement of pursuing emotional rewards. This excitement makes pursuing goals enjoyable
and stimulates pleasure and pride that would result from success. An eflfect of the positive
motivation is that it neutralizes the existence of negative motivation.
Sure, it affects people's personal lives to what could be deemed an unhealthy extent,
because leisure activities are often seen as a part of life that must be sacrificed to manage
work and family demands. However, the way people feel about their work has less to do
with whether they're motivated by the preservation of selfesteem but more with the fact
that they're simply motivated.
46. What does the author say about the pursuit of work-related self-esteem?
A) It may result in negative motivation.
B) It contributes to one's accomplishments.
C) It can increase one's vigor as one keeps trying.
D) It costs too much emotionally and psychologically.
47. What do employees tend to do in pursuing work-related self-esteem?
A) Take on tasks well beyond their actual capabilities.
B) Strive to succeed at the expense of their well-being.
C) Resort to all means regardless of the consequences.
D) Exaggerate their sense of shame and worthlessness.
48. What do we learn about people over-concerned with work-related sell-esteem?
A) They may often feel inferior to their colleagues.
B) They cannot enjoy their personal life to the full.
C) They are never satisfied with their achievements.
D) They have their own view of friendship and leisure.
49. What is the good news we learn from the recent research?
A) The pursuit of goals may turn out to be enjoyable and pleasant.
B) The emotional rewards from goal pursuit are worth the pains taken.
C) The negative consequences of goal pursuit can mostly be avoided.
D) The goal of swelling self-esteem can be achieved if one keeps trying.
50. What can we infer from the last paragraph?
A) Workers have to make sacrifices to preserve self-esteem.
B) Self-esteem swells when workers are strongly motivated.
C) Pursuit of goals affects people's personal lives to an unhealthy extent.
D) People feel positive about their work as long as they are motivated.
Passage Two
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第8 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 9 -----
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Degradation of the world's natural resources by humans is rapidly outpacing the
planefs ability to absorb the damage, a recent UN environmental study has found. The
study concludes that without radical action the level of prosperity that millions of people in
the developed world count on will be impossible to maintain or extend to poorer countries.
Water scarcity is the curse of some of the poorest regions on Earth, leaving developing
countries increasingly unable to feed themselves, and causing hardship fbr millions of people.
There appears little prospect of this desperate situation being remedied without radical action
being taken. Water resources are under increasing threat from population growth, climate
change, rapid urbanization, rising levels of consumption, and the degradation of lands that
previously provided a natural replenishment ()卜充)of water resources.
The rate of damage to the natural environment was found to increase globally, despite
concerted efforts to persuade government to take measures to improve the condition. "If
current trends continue, and the world fails to improve patterns of production and
consumption, then the state of the world's environment will continue to decline,“ warned
UN executive director Achim Steiner.
He said the tools for improving the environment fbr millions of people existed in
developed countries, but were in danger of not being used.
The study found that basic measures to tackle some of the key causes of environmental
damage were still not being taken. These included measures to reduce air pollution; to
control the damage to marine eco-systems, which can have a huge effect on fish stocks on
which hundreds of millions of people depend; and to curb the degradation of land where
modem agricultural methods were pursued without regard to the longer-term consequences.
Despite the recent global agreement on cutting greenhouse gas emissions, global
carbon output continues to rise. This will put a long-term strain on the ability of developing
economies to feed their own people. Climate change is aggravated by the emissions of
greenhouse gases from chemical and natural fertilisers used in agriculture which increased
by more than a quarter between 2000 and 2010. Other problem areas identified in the report
included glaciers, which provide vital water resources fbr millions of people, but which are
shrinking as the climate warms.
In rich countries, these problems have built up over decades and centuries while
economic growth was pursued at the expense of the environment. Subsequent efforts to
remedy the environment have met with partial success. But in developing countries, the
path of future development has more potential to change, which has encouraged
international institutions to devise more sustainable growth pathways that are supposed
both to alleviate poverty and preserve the environment.
51. What is the major finding of the UN environmental study?
A) Human activity has rendered Mother Earth almost uninhabitable.
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第9 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 10 -----
B) Humans are doing more damage to the earth than it can cope with.
C) Environmental problems have considerably weakened human prosperity.
D) Environmental damage is more serious in developed countries these days.
52. What is said about water scarcity in some of the poorest regions?
A) It is getting so serious that there is little hope of solution.
B) It largely accounts for their slow economic development.
C) It can hardly be relieved if no drastic measures are taken.
D) It is primarily caused by the acceleration of climate change.
53. What does Achim Steiner say about the environmental condition?
A) It will deteriorate worldwide.
B) It is attracting global attention.
C) It is being slowly remedied globally.
D) It will shrink the world's population.
54. What is the dilemma developing countries face?
A) They cannot modernise farming without causing land degradation.
B) They cannot promote industrialisation without polluting waterways.
C) They cannot boost crop yields without causing greenhouse gas emissions.
D) They cannot catch up with rich countries without sacrificing the environment.
55. What should developing countries do in their future development according to the passage?
A) They turn to developed countries for the assistance they need.
B) They remedy environmental damage by slowing economic growth.
C) They avoid damaging interference from international institutions.
D) They improve people's livelihood without harming the environment.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
青藏高原( the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau)位于中国西南部，面积约230万平方公里，平均
海拔4000米以上，被称为“世界屋脊”。青藏高原自然资源丰富，风景秀丽，拥有多种珍稀
野生动物。
青藏高原气温很低，形成了大面积高山冰川。这里是亚洲许多著名河流的源头，是中
国和东南亚的主要淡水供应源。青藏高原对全球生态系统至关重要。
由于气候变化的影响，青藏高原的冰川正在加速融化。中国一直在努力保护青藏高原
的生态系统，草地覆盖率不断增加，许多濒危物种得到更为有效的保护。
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第1 0 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 11 -----
Part I
2022年12月大学英语六级考试真题（第2 套）
Writing
扫码获音频
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “In an era o f information explosion, it is vitally important to develop the ability to
think critically and make rational choices.w You can make statements, give reasons, or cite
examples to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200
words.
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Prioritizing happiness over money.
B) Joining the club to get her new book.
2. A) She was in debt.
B) She was a financial adviser.
3. A) It reflects one's earning power.
B) It varies with one's environment.
C) Managing one's personal finances wisely.
D) Consuming more only when earning more.
C) She earned $30,000 a month.
D) She enjoyed a happy life.
C) It mirrors one's sense of wellbeing.
D) It changes with one's goals in life.
4. A) It would give him more time to be with his loved ones.
B) It would be good for those who value relationships.
C) It would mean major sacrifices for him.
D) It would deprive him of his individuality.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It was the artist's first landscape. 
C) It was donated by the artist herself.
B) It was a painting by Christopher. 
D) It was displayed at a retirement party.
6. A) It was the pamtmg that instantly made her rich.
B) It has cost him a lot of money to purchase it.
C) It was recently purchased by the gallery.
D) It is owned by an anonymous collector.
7. A) It reflects her emotions.
B) It contains ample details.
8. A) She is eccentric like any other artist.
B) She is a very nice and intelligent artist.
C) It appears perfectly symmetrical.
D) It depicts the beauty of desolation.
C) She is as lucky as any acclaimed artist.
D) She is one of the most productive artists.
Section B
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第1 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 12 -----
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It is vital to one's mental health. 
C) It promotes interpersonal relationship.
B) It leads to reconciliation and peace. 
D) It keeps one from traumatic experience.
10. A) When the offender has power over the victim.
B) When the offender is not willing to apologize.
C) When the offender is not duly penalized.
D) When the offender adds insult to injury.
11. A) Talk with the offender calmly. 
C) Find out why he committed the offense.
B) Accept the offender's apology. 
D) Determine how serious the offense was.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) The number of passengers dropped sharply.
B) It served more and more commuters.
C) The number of stations increased to 50.
D) It became the longest in the United Kingdom.
13. A) To increase capacity to meet growing needs.
B) To make way for other means of transport.
C) To have its systems modernised.
D) To avoid further financial losses.
14. A) It is generally recognised as a world heritage site.
B) It is the fastest way to reach the city's south side.
C) It constitutes a source of revenue for the city.
D) It helps reduce traffic jams in the city centre.
15. A) They are usually crowded. 
C) They accept smartcards only.
B) They use high-tech systems. 
D) They are colourfully decorated.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They are quite friendly to humans. 
C) They are unafraid of humans.
B) They are shrinking in numbers. 
D) They are especially fond of garbage.
17. A) It is strictly forbidden. 
C) It is a gesture of human generosity.
B) It is an uncommon sight. 
D) It is allowed only in certain areas.
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第2 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 13 -----
18. A) Share their food with the bear they see.
B) Be prepared to run into a hungry bear.
C) Try to be friendly with the bear they meet.
D) Refrain from teasing bears with cubs.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It refers to opinions that are radical and widespread.
B) It means making judgments without adequate knowledge.
C) It refers to deep-rooted beliefs about someone or something.
D) It means sticking to one's judgments even when proved wrong.
20. A) They often lead to war between religious groups.
B) They keep certain occupations from thriving.
C) They allow myths and half-truths to persist.
D) They prevent us from getting to the truth.
21. A) When we start to feel superior.
B) When we mix with prejudiced people.
C) When we live in an isolated neighborhood.
D) When we try to keep up with those around us.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Motivated. 
C) Perplexed.
B) Disappointed. 
D) Shocked.
23. A) They would change with the passage of time.
B) They would benefit young people's adult life.
C) They would help kids grow.
D) They would last a lifetime.
24. A) He had become mature. 
C) He had lots of stories to tell.
B) He suffered poor health. 
D) He regretted leaving Vietnam.
25. A) Make friends with his students.
B) Show his students how to do their best.
C) Help his students get through the growing pains.
D) Share his personal experience with his students.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第3 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 14 -----
The task of the global strategist of a business is to build a platform of capabilities
derived from the resources, experiences and innovations of units operating in multiple
locations, to transplant those capabilities wherever 
26 
, and then to systematically
upgrade and renew them- ahead of the competition.
Apple is an outstanding case of a company whose unique capabilities give it a
worldwide 
27 
advantage, particularly with respect to its ability to build platforms
from a product base that integrates functional and 
28 
design. Apple has been able to
leverage and exploit its California-based design and marketing advantages successfully
throughout the world. IKEA is another such case. The do-it-yourself furniture and
houseware company first developed a compelling set of capabilities to design, manufacture
and 
29 
furniture at low cost and sell it in a novel way in Sweden. Later, IKEA
successfully 
30 
this formula in many other countries.
By contrast, Telefonica, a Spanish telecommunications company that is now the
world's fifth largest telecom by 
31 
. first developed its special advantage abroad. In
1989 and 1990, Telefonica had the opportunity to enter Chile and Argentina, countries that
shared many institutional and cultural characteristics with its home country but that
were 
32 
more rapid market reform. Throughout the 1990s, Telefonica took what it
learned in Chile and Argentina about reconstructing former state-owned telecoms to other
Latin American countries that were privatizing their state telecoms and deregulating their
telecom markets.
These examples might lead the reader to believe that creating a global advantage is an
easy task. But many other 
33 
of expensive failed experiments suggest that creating a
lasting global advantage actually requires a great deal of 
34 
and operational finesse
(技工弓).Our research suggests that global winners typically create and sustain their
international presence through a systematic process of 
35 
, renewing and enhancing
their core capabilities.
A) aesthetic
I) reproduced
B) appropriate
J) revenues
C) clusters
K) safeguarding
D) competitive
L) ship
E) exploiting
M) strategic
F) fiscal
N) transcend
G) instances
O) undergoing
H) rehabilitated
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2.
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第4 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 15 -----
Fear of Nature: An Emerging Threat to Conservation
A) What do we lose when natural spaces and species disappear? Increasingly, research has
shown that as species and ecosystems vanish, it also chips away at our ability to
preserve what remains- because we no longer understand what we're losing.
B) You probably see it all the time. The neighbor who puts pesticides on his lawn rather
than deal with annoying bees. The politician who votes against wildlife protection
because she's never seen a wolf in the wild. The corporation that wants to bulldoze (用
推土机推平)the habitat of a rare frog.
C) At best this can be termed “the extinction of experience,where our cultural and natural
histories fade from our memories and therefore our reality. At its worst it becomes
something even more concerning: "biophobia,“ the fear of living things and a complete
aversion to nature.
D) This isn't the fiction of living in a cold, empty dystopia (绝望的世界).Sadly, ifs
becoming a way of life for too many people- especially children. A recent study in
Japan paints a striking portrait of this problem. A survey of more than 5,300 school
children in the Tochigi Prefecture examined their perception of 14 local insect species
and one spider. The results? A collective "ew!” Most of the students saw the species as
things to dislike or fear, or even as sources of danger. The less experience the students
had with nature, the more negative their feelings.
E) The results were published earlier this year in the journal Biological Conservation.
Lead researcher Masashi Soga with the University of Tokyo says the study stemmed
from observations about today's nature-deficient children. "Humans inherently avoid
dangerous organisms such as bees, but children these days avoid even harmless insects
such as butterflies and dragonflies (蜻蜓),“he says. "I have long wondered why so
many of today's children react like this.”
F) Although the children's reactions were somewhat expected, the new study did contain
an unexpected finding: Many of the surveyed children revealed that their parents also
expressed fear or disgust of the same animals. In fact these parental emotions were
strong enough to overwhelm any positive experiences the children might have gained
from direct experiences in nature. As Soga and his coauthors wrote in their paper, t4Our
results suggest that there is likely a feedback loop in which an increase in people who
have negative attitudes towards nature in one generation will lead to a further increase
in people with similar attitudes in the next generation.
G) And thafs possibly the greater threat posed by extinction of experience. Soga suggests
the generational loss- a condition previously dubbed environmental generational
amnesia (遗忘)一 could chip away at our societal ability to preserve what we're losing.
“I believe that increased biophobia is a major, but invisible, threat to global
biodiversity,Soga says. "As the number of children who have biophobia increases,
public interest and support for biodiversity conservation will gradually decline.
Although many conservation biologists still consider that preventing the loss of wildlife
habitat is the most important way to conserve biodiversity, I think preventing increased
biophobia is also important for conservation.^^
H) Whafs to be done about this? The paper makes several recommendations, the most
obvious of which is that children should experience nature more often. The authors also
suggest establishing policies to guide these natural experiences and increasing
educational programs about the natural world.
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第5 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 16 -----
I) Helping parents to see species around them in a new light would make a difference, too.
And, of course, maintaining support for preserving the wild spaces where these “scary”
creatures live is the most important thing of all. Thafs a point reinforced by another
recent study, which found that wild spaces located within urban areas- and the plants and
animals that thrive in them-are particularly important for human health and well-being.
J) Published in the journal Frontiers in Sustainable Cities, the study examined attitudes
toward Discovery Park, the heavily forested 534-acre public park in Seattle,
Washington. It found that the public had the most appreciation for- and gained the
most value from- the wildest parts of the park. 4tI have seen whales, seals, fish, eagles,
shorebirds and many other sea creatures in their natural habitat/5 one survey participant
wrote. "Coming here with people has allowed me to connect and talk with them about
conversation that simply does not happen in everyday lifb,“ wrote another.
K) The participants reported that their most valuable experiences in the park included
encountering wildlife, walking through open spaces, exploring the beach and finding
beautiful views. t4We saw that a large majority of participants5 interactions, especially
their most meaningful interactions, depended on Discovery Park's relative wildness/5
says lead author Elizabeth Lev, a master5s student in the University of Washington's
Human Interaction with Nature Lab. This is only possible because the park is relatively
wild. After all, you can't enjoy watching birds if there are no birds to follow; gaze at the
sunset if ifs obscured by skyscrapers; or stop and smell the flowers if they don't have
room to grow.
L) And yet even this long-protected space could someday become less hospitable to nature.
Over the past few years a lot of people and organizations have suggested developing
parts of Discovery Park or the neighboring area. Most recently a plan proposed building
34 acres of much-needed affordable housing and parking spaces adjacent to the park,
bringing with them noise, traffic and pollution.
M) If anything like that happened, both the park and the people of Seattle could lose
something vital. And that would continue the trend of chipping away at Seattle's- and
the world's- natural spaces, leaving just tiny pocket parks and green-but-empty spaces
that offer little real value to wildlife, plants or people.
N) “It is true that any interaction with nature is better than none, but I don't want people to
be satisfied with any small bit of grass and trees,“ Lev says. t4We have been in this cycle
of environmental generational amnesia for a long time, where the baseline keeps
shifting and we don't even realize what we're losing until it's gone. If we can get people
to understand how much meaning and value can come from having more experiences
with more wild forms of nature, then maybe we can stop this cycle and move toward
conserving and restoring what we have
O) Building this understanding in an ever-more fearful and disconnected world may be the
biggest challenge. Peter Kahn, the senior author of Lev's paper and the director of the
Human Interaction with Nature lab, made several suggestions for bridging this gap in
this 2011 book, Technological Nature. They echo the recommendation about getting
children into nature, but also include telling stories of how things used to be, imagining
what things might be like in the future, and developing a common language about
nature, “a way of speaking about wild and domestic interaction patterns, and the
meaningful, deep and often joyful feelings that they generate.
P) No matter what techniques we use, this growing field of research illustrates that saving
nature requires encouraging people to experience it more often and more deeply. That
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第6 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 17 -----
calls for additional research- Lev and her coauthors have published a toolkit that other
municipalities can follow to study the value of their own wild spaces- and clear
communication of the results. t4If we can continue to show people the benefits of these
wild spaces,5, Lev says, “maybe people will begin to see more value in keeping these
areas undeveloped- for the sake of our mutual benefit.”
36. A new study found parents5 aversion to certain animals would pass on to their children.
37. The disappearance of species and ecological systems erodes our ability to keep what is
left.
38. A study showed that the wildest areas of Discovery Park appealed most to the public.
39. The fear of living organisms is becoming more worrisome.
40. Preventing the increase in children's fear of living creatures is also important for
conserving biodiversity.
41. Research shows that more and deeper experience people have with nature will help save
it.
42. Though humans naturally tend to avoid dangerous animals, today's children try to stay
away from even harmless ones.
43. Development in and around Discovery Park could cause heavy losses to the park and
the local residents.
44. A large survey of school children found that their negative feelings grew as their
experience with nature diminished.
45. Elizabeth Lev believes increased contact with more wildlife helps conserve biodiversity.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Some people in the US have asserted that forgiving student loan debt is one way to
stimulate the economy and give assistance to those in need. One government proposition is
to eliminate $10,000 of debt for 'economically distressed, students. Some in US Congress
have gone so far as to suggest forgiving up to $50,000 in debt per student borrower, but
does forgiving student debt necessarily correlate to helping the economically disadvantaged?
The answer is no. This policy is just giving money away to universities and the most
affluent students in attendance. Federal Reserve data reveals that the highest-income 40
percent of households owe approximately 60 percent of outstanding student debt, while the
lowest 40 percent owe just under 20 percent. This could be due to a combination of factors:
students from high-income households are more likely to go to expensive colleges, less
likely to receive financial aid, and more likely to have high incomes post-graduation. Plus,
the majority of student debt is held by graduate degree earners, who earn approximately 25
percent more than their undergraduate counterparts. Clearly, giving free reign to banks to
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第7 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 18 -----
forgive student debt is a step in the wrong direction.
Other proposals for broader, long-term student loan plans have some fundamental
problems. One idea is to cancel student debt only for undergraduate degrees and for
students making less than $125,000.
This attempts to address the fact that Congress9 previously mentioned student loan
forgiveness plan largely helps out the wealthy, but is an adverse incentive for universities to
keep raising tuition and for students to choose to major in low-earning degree programs.
Colleges have no reason to make their programs more affordable if they believe students
will just take out more debt. And, students will feel more comfortable making the
irresponsible decision to go tens of thousands of dollars in debt to major in impractical or
idealistic subjects if they know their loans will be forgiven.
This is especially concerning given the pandemic (大流行病)has rendered a college
education practically worthless. Students are paying tens of thousands of dollars per year to
live at home and be lectured on the Internet. Do we really want to tell colleges that they can
get away with providing below-average service for an outrageous cost?
In the case of any of these student debt plans, working-class Americans who chose not
to or could not afford to go to college will be subsidizing the education of the professional
class. Plumbers and retail workers will be paying for the degrees of doctors and lawyers.
The US government5s effort to help those in debt is commendable but is this really the
solution that will help the poor financially recover?
46. Why do some people advocate forgiving student loan debt?
A) They assert it will narrow the gap between the wealthy and the poor.
B) They believe it will benefit both the economy and the underprivileged.
C) They claim it will eliminate economic distress among college students.
D) They think the cost of education is the responsibility of the government.
47. What do we learn from the Federal Reserve data?
A) Approximately 60% of student debt remains unpaid.
B) Cancelling student debt benefits wealthy families most.
C) Forgiving student debt provides little benefit to universities.
D) Low-income families owe the biggest amount of student debt.
48. What does the author say students are likely to do if they know they needn't repay their
loans?
A) They will choose to study subjects without considering their job prospects.
B) They will be free to pursue their goals without being burdened financially.
C) They will over-borrow and live beyond their means.
D) They will be able to enroll in expensive universities.
49. What does the author imply about colleges oflering online education?
A) They cannot get away with the serious consequences.
B) They have suffered greatly from the current pandemic.
C) The tuition they charge is not justified by the quality of their service.
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第8 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 19 -----
D) The tuition they charge has surged outrageously during the pandemic.
50. What will happen if any of the proposed student debt plans is implemented?
A) Plumbers and retail workers will have a chance of becoming professionals.
B) Working-class students will have increasing access to subsidized education.
C) Blue-collar workers will have to bear the cost of educating would-be high-eamers.
D) A growing number of students will be able to earn degrees in medicine and law.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
If there's one rule that most parents cling to in the confusing, fast-changing world of
kids and media, ifs “No screens before age 2”.
As of today, that rule has been thrown out the window.
The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP), which first issued that recommendation
back in 1999, has extensively updated and revised its guidelines for children and
adolescents to reflect new research and new habits.
The new guidelines, especially for very young children, shift the focus from WHAT is
on the screen to WHO else is in the room. And in doing so, they raise some intriguing
points about the future of learning from media.
For babies younger than 18 months, AAP still says no screens at all are the best
idea~~with one notable exception: Live video chat. Surveys indicate that families already
popularly believe that “Face time doesn't count”, or at least that the benefit of virtual visits
with grandparents or other relatives outweighs the potential cost of exposing babies to the
laptop or smartphone.
The AAP doesn't cite positive evidence that infants actually get something out of this
kind of “conversation”, the way that they clearly do from live social interaction. But there5s
some observational research that infants as young as six months old are emotionally
engaged by playing live peekaboo (躲猫猫)with Grandma online.
For infants and toddlers (学 步儿童)，ages 15 months to 2 years old, there's limited
evidence from a couple of very small studies that they can learn new words from
educational media, if and only if parents are watching alongside them, repeating what the
video says and/or drawing attention to what is on the screen. In other words, treating a
video or an app like a picture book is the best bet.
The flip side of this is that many studies have actually shown poorer language skills
correlated with earlier solo viewing of “educational“ videos. There's also research that
shows language delays in children who watch more TV and start watching earlier. In both
cases, the problem seems to be media replacing interaction with people. For this reason, the
new AAP guideline has changed from “avoid all screens under age 2" to "avoid solo media
use in this age group^^.
For preschoolers ages 2 to 5, there?s more evidence that they have the ability to
transfer knowledge from screens to the real world, including early literacy and math. For
this age group, AAP recommends no more than an hour a day of screen use. And, just as
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第9 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 20 -----
with younger children, they want care-givers to take part in screen time: "Co-view with
your children, help children understand what they are seeing, and help them apply what
they learn to the world around them.^^
51. What do we learn about the “No screens under 2" rule?
A) It has met more and more resistance from parents.
B) It has proved helpful to children's healthy growth.
C) It confuses parents with regard to kids' education.
D) It has been discarded in line with recent research.
52. What do the new AAP guidelines advocate?
A) Young children should be accompanied by parents during screen time.
B) Parents should be emotionally involved in their children's upbringing.
C) Young children should watch videos carefully selected by parents.
D) Parents should protect their children from too much media exposure.
53. What do families think of live video chat according to surveys?
A) It should not be regarded as screen time.
B) It helps babies to develop their verbal skills.
C) It is not as harmful as playing games on laptops.
D) It is a good substitute fbr video viewing.
54. What do researches find about kids solo viewing educational videos?
A) It arouses their interest in language learning.
B) It works no better than reading picture books.
C) It hampers their development of language skills.
D) It helps them acquire independent learning skills.
55. What does the author say about preschoolers ages 2 to 5?
A) They can understand pretty well what they see on the screen.
B) They can learn on their own without much parental guidance.
C) They can make use of educational videos to develop digital literacy.
D) They can relate what they learn on the screen to real life situations.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
黄土高原( the Loess Plateau)是中国第三大高原，面积约6 0 万平方公里，平均海拔
1000-2000米，绝大部分覆盖着50-80米厚的黄土，是世界上黄土分布最集中、覆盖厚度最
大的区域。这是大自然创造的一个奇迹，在世界上也是绝无仅有的。
黄土高原是中华民族的发祥地之一。早在5500年前，人们就已经在黄土高原上开始农
耕。随着农耕业的持续发展，黄土高原人口不断增加，在秦汉时期就成为中国的政治和经
济中心。如今，随着西部大开发战略的实施，黄土高原地区的经济得到了迅速发展。
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第1 0 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 21 -----
2022年12月大学英语六级考试真题(第3 套)
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Today increasing importance is being attached to cultivating college students, team
spirit.w You can make statements, give reasons, or cite examples to develop your essay. You
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2 0 2 2 年1 2 月大学英语六级考试全国共考了两套听力，
本套的听力内容与第二套相同，因此本套听力部分不再重复给出。
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
American colleges and universities are using 64 percent less coal than they did a
decade ago, burning 700,000 tons last year, down from 2 million tons in 2008, the U.S.
Energy Information Administration (EIA) said in a report 
26 
yesterday.
All 57 schools that were burning coal in 2008 are using less now, and 20 have 
27
coal completely, EIA found.
Most universities have turned to natural gas as a 
28 
with state funding backing
the fuel switch.
While academic institutions use less than 0.1 percent of U.S. coal burned for power,
campus coal use has a history dating back to the 1800s when 
29 
to power was scarce.
Many universities still operate their own power plants. The Public Utility Regulatory
Policies Act of 1978 encouraged more electricity generation by allowing institutions to
sell 
30 
power to utilities.
But EIA noted many coal-fired universities have signed onto the American College
and University Presidents Climate Commitment, which was launched in 2007.
About 665 schools are part of the program, which aims to 
31 
greenhouse gas
emissions. Thirty percent of the participants have pledged to be carbon 
32 
within 20
years.
The Sierra Club's Beyond Coal campaign, which also leads campaigns for universities
to withdraw their 
33 
in coal and other fossil fuels, lists 22 schools that have pledged
to move “beyond coal/5 including Clemson University, Indiana University, Ohio University,
Penn State University, the University of Louisville and the University of Tennessee,
Knoxville.
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第1 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 22 -----
The largest coal use 
34 
at colleges were in Michigan, Missouri, Tennessee and
Indiana. Indiana's universities alone cut coal 
35 
by 81 percent between 2008 and
2015.
During the same period, Michigan made an 80 percent cut and Tennessee cut back by
94 percent at state institutions.
A)abandoned
I) neutral
B) access
J) reductions
C) consumption
K) released
D) contrive
L) replacement
E) duplications
M) slash
F) investments
N) surplus
G) mobilized
O) void
H) negligent
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer sheet 2.
Classical music aims to evolve, build audiences without alienating old guard
A) In 1913, classical music sparked a riot in Paris. Igor Stravinsky was introducing his
revolutionary “Rite of Spring^^ ballet to the world, with its discordant melodies and
unorthodox choreography ( 编舞) ，and the purists in the crowd expressed their
disapproval loud and clear. It might have been classical music's version of the time Bob
Dylan went electric at the Newport Folk Festival. 4tThe noise, fighting, and shouting in
the audience got so loud,^^ NPR's music reporter Miles Hoffman said of the Stravinsky
debut, “that the choreographer had to shout out the numbers to the dancers so that they
knew what they were supposed to do.^^
B) Ifs difficult to imagine a similar disturbance occurring today within America's sacred
symphony halls. In fact, it's hard to picture any kind of disruptive activity at all (unless
someone's cell phone happens to go off, and then you'd better watch your back). A
mannerly aura (氛围)hangs over most classical proceedings, and many of the genre5s
biggest supporters would have it no other way.
C) Today, Western audiences for classical music and opera and ballet are almost always
well dressed, older, respectful, achingly silent and often very wealthy (one has to be
able to afford most tickets). But as many of America's most storied ”班g/zbvow“ (高雅的)
institutions struggle financially- the Philadelphia Orchestra's much-publicized rebound
from bankruptcy is just one recent example- classical music fans and theorists are
wondering how the medium can weave itself into the 21st century's cultural fabric
without sacrificing its integrity.
D) For example, should we feel OK “clapping“ during classical music events, even if
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第2 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 23 -----
nobody else is? Why shouldn,t we cheer for something great, like we do at a rock
concert? The Huffington Post recently ran a Great Debate on this issue and many
commenters came out on the side of silence. 4tThere is no more rewarding experience in
life than being part of an audience where everybody is leaning forward in silence,
thoroughly carried away by a great performance of a masterpiece,one commenter
wrote. t4Why is it so difficult for folks to develop an appreciation and understanding for
the mannerisms and traditions of classical music?^^ asked another.
E） The truth is that classical music audiences weren't always so polite. Robert Greenberg,
an award-winning composer, said that when Beethoven first performed his 7th
Symphony, audiences forced the orchestra to perform encores （重演）of certain
movements immediately, applauding wildly. And in the last few decades, he said, many
audiences at opera performances have abandoned pretenses, yelling “Bravo“ when they
feel like it.
F） "I don't think there5s anything wrong with an audience showing their enthusiasm fbr a
proper moment by applauding, showing their joy,“ Greenberg said, noting that the
stuffiness in concert halls is “one aspect of contemporary concert etiquette^^ he doesn't
understand. ''Instead of waiting half an hour to show enthusiasm, why not show it every
eight or nine mmutes?^^
G） Until the rules about behavior and clothing change, ifs hard to imagine multitudes of
young people filling concert halls on their own accord. They5re probably more likely to
head to Central Park to watch a free performance with a bottle of wine and their friends.
“I think anyone should be able to come into a performance dressed any way they like,
and be comfortable any way they like, sitting in that seat ready to enjoy themselves,
Greenberg said. "Because it's enjoyable.
H） Greenberg stressed that he doesn't want people to start respecting the music less, and
he's not suggesting that we “dumb down^^ the experience. Rather, it's about opening up
“access”. When operas first instituted subtitles （字幕）during shows, he said, many
purists didn't like the idea, believing that the audience should instead study the works
before attending. But now it's commonplace to find titles on the seatback in front of
you一choose a language, sit back, and understand whafs going on.
I） Allison Vulgamore, president of the Philadelphia Orchestra, is certainly looking to the
future. She says certain ''classics concerts^^ dedicated to the old masters will always
exist, but not every program has to feature Beethoven and Brahms- or even a stage and
seats. "We're trying to introduce different kinds of concerts in different ways,“ she said.
“We are an interactive society now, where people like to learn.”
J） As the Philadelphia Orchestra rebounds from its financial straits, it is also aiming to
experiment, without alienating the loyalists. Vulgamore pointed to Cirque de la
Symphonic, a recent offering in which jugglers （玩杂耍的人）and acrobats （杂技演员）
interacted with musicians. An upcoming collaboration with New York City's Ridge
Theatre, meanwhile, will feature a "suspended dance installation^^ and other theatrical
elements occurring in conjunction with an orchestral piece.
K） The orchestra also continues to offer $25 annual memberships to Philadelphia students,
who can buy rush tickets to every concert on the schedule. "Students line up fbr the
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第3 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 24 -----
concerts they want, and we get roughly 300 or 350 kids a night coming to these. They
take any of the open seats available, 5 minutes before the concert starts,“ Vulgamore
said. "It's like the running of the bulls, that energy when the doors open.^^
L) Greenberg thinks that youthful energy needs to be harvested. Conductors don't have to be
arrogant and untouchable- they can be accessible. Perhaps there could even be a “bit of
humor“ about them, he suggested, and an abandoning of pretension within the high-art
institutions themselves. 4tOn one hand, these organizations are all saying the same thing:
we want more general audiences, to break down cultural barriers,he said. "But then they
come up with some very snooty (目 中无人的)thing that makes you crazy.”
M) John Terauds, a critic who has covered Toronto's classical music scene extensively, also
wants to do away with the stuffiness. He suggested that the warmer an audience is, the
better the musicians themselves will respond. "But the producer or organizer has to let
everyone know ifs OK,“ he said. "It's OK to enjoy yourself." At the Toronto Symphony
Orchestra, fbr example, conductor Peter Oundjian often stops between pieces, taking a
moment to talk about the composer or the music in a very amiable way. And some
nights, Terauds said, “at least a third” of the audience consists of students who have
purchased cheaper tickets. On these nights, the energy of the room drastically shifts. It
becomes a less intimidating place.
N) Back in February, Terauds wrote on his blog about how going to classical
performances can be intimidating. Certain people “think they have to dress up,“ he
wrote. "They think they have to know something about the music before they go. And,
I'm sure, sitting in a seat, trembling in fear that this might be the wrong time to
applaud, is also one of the factors.
O) Everyone in the classical world agrees on the need for increased “accessibility,“ but
achieving it is often easier said than done. Nowadays, there are unknown, unorthodox
opera singers wowing (博得.的喝彩)viewers on TV programs like “America's
Got Talent" and "The Voice^^. What can higher institutions do with any of that? And if
they appeal to these outlets, do they risk compromising the integrity or the
intelligence of the music?
P) Vulgamore seems to understand this. She thinks an organization can have it both ways,
claiming the new while keeping the old. And as she reorganizes the Philadelphia
Orchestra, she will attempt to do just that. "The world's most respected musicians
brought together as an orchestra will always exist,“ she said. "But it's essential that we
be willing to experiment and
36. It was not a rare occurrence that audiences behaved wildly while listening to classical
music.
37. Some high-art institutions don't actually mean it when they say they want more general
audiences.
38. The theatre was in chaos when an unconventional ballet was first put on stage in the
capital of France.
39. According to one critic, the audience's warm response would encourage the musicians
to do a better job.
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第4 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 25 -----
40. Many commenters argued for the audience enjoying classical music quietly.
41. What appears on the seatback screen makes it unnecessary for the audience to study the
works beforehand.
42. It is generally accepted that there should be no disturbance from the audience during
classical music performance.
43. Higher institutions will be concerned about compromising the integrity of classical
music if they have to resort to the television medium.
44. Heavily discounted rush tickets help attract many young students to attend classical
concerts.
45. The formalities of high-art theatres can intimidate some people attending a performance.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
How can one person enjoy good health, while another person looks old before her time?
Humans have been asking this question for thousands of years, and recently, ifs becoming
clearer and clearer to scientists that the differences between people's rates of aging lie in the
complex interactions among genes, social relationships, environments and lifestyles. Even
though you were bom with a particular set of genes, the way you live can influence how
they express themselves. Some lifestyle factors may even turn genes on or shut them off.
Deep within the genetic heart of all our cells are telomeres, or repeating segments of
noncoding DNA that live at the ends of the chromosomes (染 色体).They form caps at the
ends of the chromosomes and keep the genetic material together. Shortening with each cell
division, they help determine how fost a cell ages. When they become too short, the cell
stops dividing altogether. This isn't the only reason a cell can age- there are other stresses
on cells we don't yet understand very well- but short telomeres are one of the major
reasons human cells grow old. We've devoted most of our careers to studying telomeres,
and one extraordinary discovery from our labs is that telomeres can actually lengthen.
Scientists have learned that several thought patterns appear to be unhealthy for
telomeres, and one of them is cynical hostility. Cynical hostility is defined by high anger
and frequent thoughts that other people cannot be trusted. Someone with hostility doesn't
just think, 4tI hate to stand in long lines^^; they think, ''Others deliberately sped up and beat
me to my rightful position in the line!”- and then get violently agitated. People who score
high on measures of cynical hostility tend to get more heart disease, metabolic disease and
often die at younger ages. They also have shorter telomeres. In a study of British civil
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第5 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 26 -----
servants, men who scored high on measures of cynical hostility had shorter telomeres than
men whose hostility scores were low. The most hostile men were 30% more likely to have
short telomeres.
What this means: aging is a dynamic process that could possibly be accelerated or
slowed- and, in some aspects, even reversed. To an extent, it has surprised us and the rest
of the scientific community that telomeres do not simply carry out the commands issued by
your genetic code. Your telomeres are listening to you. The foods you eat, your response to
challenges, the amount of exercise you get, and many other factors appear to influence your
telomeres and can prevent premature aging at the cellular level. One of the keys to enjoying
good health is simply doing your part to foster healthy cell renewal.
46. What have scientists come to know better today?
A) Why people age at different rates.
B) How genes influence the aging process.
C) How various genes express themselves in aging.
D) Why people have long been concerned about aging.
47. Why are some lifestyle factors considered extremely important?
A) They may shorten the process of cell division.
B) They may determine how genes function.
C) They may affect the lifespan of telomeres.
D) They may account for the stresses on cells.
48. What have the author and his colleagues discovered about telomeres?
A) Their number affects the growth of cells.
B) Their length determines the quality of life.
C) Their shortening process can be reversed.
D) Their health impacts the division of cells.
49. What have scientists learned about cynical hostility?
A) It may lead to confrontational thought patterns.
B) It may produce an adverse effect on telomeres.
C) It may cause people to lose their temper frequently.
D) It may stir up agitation among those in long lines.
50. What do we learn from the last paragraph about the process of aging?
A) It may vary from individual to individual.
B) It challenges scientists to explore further.
C) It depends on one's genetic code.
D) It may be controlled to a degree.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Scientists have created by accident an enzyme (酶)that breaks down plastic drinks
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第6 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 27 -----
bottles. The breakthrough could help solve the global plastic pollution crisis by enabling for
the first time the full recycling of bottles.
The new research was spurred by the discovery in 2016 of the first bacterium that had
naturally evolved to eat plastic at a waste dump in Japan. Scientists have now revealed the
detailed structure of the crucial enzyme produced by the bug.
An international team then adjusted the enzyme to see how it had evolved, but tests
showed they had accidentally made the molecule even better at breaking down the plastic
used fbr drinks bottles. t4What actually turned out was we improved the enzyme, which was
a bit of a shock,“ said head researcher Prof. McGeehan, at the University of Portsmouth,
UK.
Currently, the enzyme takes a few days to start breaking down the plastic, far faster
than the centuries it takes in the oceans, but the researchers are optimistic this can be
speeded up even further and become a viable large-scale process.
“What we are hoping to do is use this enzyme to turn this plastic back into its original
components, so we can literally recycle it back to plastic,“ said McGeehan. "It means we
won't need to dig up any more oil and, fundamentally, it should reduce the amount of
plastic in the environment.^^
About 1 million plastic bottles are sold each minute around the globe and, with just
14% recycled, many end up in the oceans where they have polluted even the remotest parts,
harming marine life and potentially people who eat sea food. ''Plastic is incredibly resistant
to degradation,said McGeehan. 4tIt is one of these wonder materials that has been made a
little bit too well.^^
Currently those bottles that are recycled can only be turned into opaque fibres for
clothing or carpets, while the new enzyme indicates a way to recycle old clear plastic
bottles back into new clear plastic bottles.
“You are always up against the fact that oil is cheap, so plastic is cheap,“ said
McGeehan. "It is so easy for manufacturers to generate more of that stuff, rather than even
try to recycle, but I believe there is a public interest here: perception is changing so much
that companies are starting to look at how they can properly recycle these bottles.^^
Prof. Adisa Azapagic, at the University of Manchester in the UK, agreed the enzyme
could be useful but added: "A full life-cycle assessment would be needed to ensure that the
technology does not solve one environmental problem- waste- at the expense of others,
including additional greenhouse gas emissions.
51. What do we learn from the passage about an enzyme scientists have created?
A) It was identified during a lab experiment accident.
B) It may make full recycling of plastic bottles a reality.
C) It was a breakthrough made with persistent efforts.
D) It may initiate a radical reform in plastic industry.
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第7 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 28 -----
52. What does the passage say about the bug that produces the important enzyme?
A) It has a natural ability to consume plastics.
B) It is a bacterium that reproduces at a high rate.
C) It is essential to the recycling of plastic bottles.
D) It has a chemical structure unknown to scientists.
53. By adjusting the enzyme produced by the bug, the scientists 
.
A) made it more effective by chance
B) discovered an extraordinary chemical
C) altered its basic molecular composition
D) found its evolutionary process sped up
54. What does Prof. McGeehan say about the recycling of plastic bottles?
A) Manufacturers are implementing it on an increasingly larger scale.
B) It generates huge business opportunities for plastic manufacturers.
C) It has aroused persistent interest among the general public.
D) Manufacturers are beginning to explore ways of doing it.
55. What is Prof. Adisa Azapagic's advice concerning the application of the enzyme?
A) Developing technologies to address greenhouse gas emissions.
B) Considering the extra cost involved in producing the enzyme.
C) Assessing its possible negative impact on the environment.
D) Studying the full life cycle of the enzyme as the first step.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
云贵高原(the Yunnan-Guizhou Plateau)大部分位于云南、贵州省境内，总面积约50 万
平方公里，平均海拔2000-4000米，是中国第四大高原。云贵高原西高东低，河流众多，形
成了许多又深又陡的峡谷(canyon)。峡谷中许多地方土壤肥沃，非常有利于多种农作物生长。
云贵高原独特的自然环境造就了生物和文化的多样性。它是中国森林和矿产资源类型十
分丰富的地区，也是古人类起源的重要地区。云贵高原是中国少数民族数量最多的地区，各
民族都保留了自己丰富多彩的文化传统。
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第8 页共8 页by：光速考研
