
----- PAGE 1 -----
2017 年6 月英语六级真题及答案
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to major in
science or humanities at college ，write an essay to state your
opinion. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of
each
conversation,
you
will
hear
four
questions.
Both
the
conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding
letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Doing enjoyable work.
B) Earning a competitive salary.
C) Having friendly colleagues.
D) Working for supportive bosses.
2. A) 20%.
B) 25%.
C) 31%.
D) 73%.
3. A) Those full of skilled workers.
B) Those that are well managed.
C) Those run by women.
D) Those of a small size.
4. A) They can win recognition of their work.
B) They can better balance work and life.
C) They can hop from job to job easily.
D) They can take on more than one job.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It is a collection of photos.
B) It is an introduction to music.
C) It is about the city of Bruges.
D) It is a book of European history.
6. A) When writing about Belgium’s coastal regions.
B) When taking pictures for a concert catalogue.
C) When vacationing in an Italian coastal city.
D) When painting the concert hall of Bruges.

----- PAGE 2 -----
7. A) The rich heritage of Europe will be lost completely.
B) The seawater of Europe will be seriously polluted.
C) The entire European coastline will be submerged.
D) The major European scenic spots will disappear.
8. A) Tourists use wooden paths to reach their hotels in the morning.
B) It attracts large numbers of tourists from home and abroad.
C) People cannot get around without using boats.
D) Its waterways are being increasingly polluted.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each
passage, you will hear three or four questions. Both the passage
and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a
question ，you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They try hard to avoid getting off on the wrong foot.
B) They spend too much time anticipating their defeat.
C) They take too many irrelevant factors into account.
D) They make careful preparations beforehand.
10. A) Mental images often interfere with athletes’ performance.
B) Golfers usually have positive mental images of themselves.
C) Thinking has the same effect on the nervous system as doing.
D) A person’s nervous system is more complicated than imagined.
11. A) Anticipate possible problems.
B) Make a list of do’s and dont’s.
C) Try to appear more professional.
D) Picture themselves succeeding.
12. A) She won her first jury trial.
B) She wore a designer dress.
C) She presented moving pictures.
D) She did not speak loud enough.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A) It enables patients with diabetes to recover sooner.
B) Its health benefits have been overestimated.
C) Its long-term effects are yet to be proved.
D) It helps people to avoid developing breast cancer.
14. A) It tracked their eating habits since their adolescence.
B) It focused on their difference from men in fiber intake.
C) It tracked their change in food preferences for 20 years.
D) It focused on their ways of life during young adulthood.

----- PAGE 3 -----
15. A) Fiber may bring more benefits to women than men.
B) Fiber may improve the function of heart muscles.
C) Fiber may make blood circulation more smooth.
D) Fiber may help to reduce hormones in the body.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks
followed by three or four questions. The recordings will be played
only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best
answer from the four choices marked A), B)，C) and D). Then mark
the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 16 to18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Investigating the impact of media on government.
B) Studying the hazards of young people drinking.
C) Conducting research on consumer behaviour.
D) Observing the changes in marketing.
17. A) It is a chief concern of parents.
B) It is an act of socialising.
C) It is the cause of many street riots.
D) It is getting worse year by year.
18. A) They researched the impact of mobile phones on young people.
B) They spent a week studying their own purchasing behaviour.
C) They conducted a thorough research on advertising.
D) They analysed their family budgets over the years.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It is likely to give up paper money in the near future.
B) It is the first country to use credit cards in the world.
C) It is trying hard to do away with dirty money.
D) It is helping its banks to improve efficiency.
20. A) Whether it is possible to travel without carrying any physical
currency.
B) Whether it is possible to predict how much money one is going to spend.
C) Whether the absence of physical currency is going to affect everyday
life.
D) Whether the absence of physical currency causes a person to spend
more.
21. A) The cash in her handbag was missing.
B) The service on the train was not good.
C) The restaurant car accepted cash only.
D) There was no food service on the train.

----- PAGE 4 -----
22. A) By drawing money week by week.
B) By putting money into envelopes.
C) By limiting their day-to-day spending.
D) By refusing to buy anything on credit.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) Population explosion.
B) Extinction of rare species.
C) Chronic hunger.
D) Environmental deterioration.
24. A) About half of them are unintended.
B) They contribute to overpopulation.
C) They have been brought under control.
D) The majority of them tend to end halfway.
25. A) It is beginning to attract postgraduates’ attention.
B) It is neglected in many of the developing countries.
C) It is becoming a subject of interdisciplinary research.
D) It is essential to the well being of all species on earth.
Part Ⅲ
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required
to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a
word bank following the passage. Read the passage through
carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank is
identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each
item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You
may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
Let’s all stop judging people who talk to themselves. New research says
that those who can’t seem to keep their inner monologues (独白）in are actually
more likely to stay on task, remain (26)_______better and show improved
perception capabilities. Not bad, really, for some extra muttering.
According to a series of experiments published in the Quarterly Journal of
Experimental Psychology by professors Gary Lupyan and Daniel Swignley, the
act of using verbal clues to (27)_______mental pictures helps people function
quicker.
In one experiment, they showed pictures of various objects to twenty
(28)_______; and asked them to find just one of those, a banana. Half were
(29)_______to repeat out loud what they were looking for and the other half
kept their lips (30)_______Those who talked to themselves found the banana
slightly faster than those who didn’t, the researchers say. In other experiments,
Lupyan and Swignley found that(31)_______the name of a common product
when on the hunt for it helped quicken someone’s pace ，but talking about

----- PAGE 5 -----
uncommon items showed no advantage and slowed you down.
Common research has long held that talking themselves through a task
helps children learn, although doing so when you’ve (32)_______matured is not
a great sign of (33)_______. The two professors hope to refute that idea,
(34)_______that just as when kids walk themselves through a process, adults
can benefit from using language not just to communicate, but also to help
“augment thinking”.
Of course, you are still encouraged to keep the talking at library tones and,
whatever you do, keep the information you share simple, like a grocery list. At
any (35)_______，there’s still such a thing as too much information.
A) Apparently
B) Arrogance
C) Brilliance
D) Claiming
E) Dedicated
F) Focused
G) Incur
H) Instructed
I) Obscurely
J) Sealed
K) Spectators
L) Trigger
M) Uttering
N) Volume
O) Volunteers
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements
attached to it. Each statement contains information given in one of
the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information
is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking
the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Rich Children and Poor Ones Are Raised Very Differently
[A] The lives of children from rich and poor American families look more
different than ever before.
[B] Well-off families are ruled by calendars, with children enrolled in ballet,
soccer and after-school programs, according to a new Pew Research Center
survey. There are usually two parents, who spend a lot of time reading to
children and worrying about their anxiety levels and hectic schedules.
[C] In poor families, meanwhile, children tend to spend their time at home
or with extended family. They are more likely to grow up in neighborhoods that
their parents say aren’t great for raising children, and their parents worry about

----- PAGE 6 -----
them getting shot, beaten up or in trouble with the law.
[D] The class differences in child rearing are growing — a symptom of
widening inequality with far- reaching consequences. Different upbringings set
children on different paths and can deepen socioeconomic divisions, especially
because education is strongly linked to earnings. Children grow up learning the
skills to succeed in their socioeconomic stratum ( 阶层) ，but not necessarily
others.
[E] “Early childhood experiences can be very consequential for children’s
long-term social, emotional and cognitive development,’’said Sean Reardon,
professor of poverty and inequality in education at Stanford University. “And
because those influence educational success and later earnings, early childhood
experiences cast a lifelong shadow.” The cycle continues: Poor parents have less
time and fewer resources to invest in their children, which can leave children
less prepared for school and work, which leads to lower earnings.
[F] American parents want similar things for their children, the Pew report
and past research have found: for them to be healthy and happy, honest and
ethical, caring and compassionate. There is no best parenting style or philosophy,
researchers say, and across income groups, 92% of parents say they are doing a
good job at raising their children. Yet they are doing it quite differently.
Middle-class and higher-income parents see their children as projects in need of
careful cultivation, says Annette Lareau, whose groundbreaking research on the
topic was published in her book Unequal Childhoods: Class, Race and Family
Life. They try to develop their skills through close supervision and organized
activities, and teach children to question authority figures and navigate elite
institutions.
[G] Working-class parents, meanwhile, believe their children will naturally
thrive, and give them far greater independence and time for free play. They are
taught to be compliant and respectful to adults. There are benefits to both
approaches. Working-class children are happier, more independent, complain
less and are closer to family members, Ms. Lareau found. Higher-income
children are more likely to declare boredom and expect their parents to solve
their problems. Yet later on, the more affluent children end up in college and on
the way to the middle class, while working-class children tend to struggle.
Children from higher-income families are likely to have the skills to navigate
bureaucracies and succeed in schools and workplaces, Ms. Lareau said.
[H] “Do all parents want the most success for their children? Absolutely,”
she said. “Do some strategies give children more advantages than others in
institutions? Probably they do. Will parents be damaging children if they have
one fewer organized activity? No, I really doubt it.”
[I] Social scientists say the differences arise in part because low-income
parents have less money to spend on music class or preschool, and less flexible
schedules to take children to museums or attend school events. Extracurricular
activities reflect the differences in child rearing in the Pew survey, which was of
a nationally representative sample of 1,807 parents. Of families earning more

----- PAGE 7 -----
that $75,000 a year, 84% say their children have participated in organized sports
over the past year, 64% have done volunteer work and 62% have taken lessons
in music, dance or art. Of families earning less than $30,000, 59% of children
have done sports, 37% have volunteered and 41% have taken arts classes.
[J] Especially in affluent families, children start young. Nearly half of
high-earning, college-graduate parents enrolled their children in arts classes
before they were 5, compared with one.fifth of low- income, less-educated
parents. Nonetheless, 20% of well-off parents say their children’s schedules are
too hectic, compared with 8% of poorer parents.
[K] Another example is reading aloud, which studies have shown gives
children bigger vocabularies and better reading comprehension in school. 71%
of parents with a college degree say they do it every day, compared with 33% of
those with a high school diploma or less. White parents are more likely than
other to read to their children daily, as are married parents. Most affluent parents
enroll their children in preschool or day care, while low-income parents are
more likely to depend on family members. Discipline techniques vary by
education level: 8% of those with a postgraduate degree say they often beat their
children, compared with 22% of those with a high school degree or less.
[L] The survey also probed attitudes and anxieties. Interestingly, parents’
attitudes toward education do not seem to reflect their own educational
background as much as a belief in the importance of education for upward
mobility. Most American parents say they are not concerned about their
children’s grades as long as they work hard. But 50% of poor parents say it is
extremely important to them that their children earn a college degree, compared
with 39% of wealthier parents.
[M] Less-educated parents, and poorer and black and Latino parents are
more likely to believe that there is no such thing as too much involvement in a
child’s education. Parents who are white, wealthy or college-educated say too
much involvement can be bad. Parental anxieties reflect their circumstances.
High-earning parents are much more likely to say they live in a good
neighborhood for raising children. While bullying is parents’ greatest concern
over all, nearly half of low-income parents worry their child will get shot,
compared with one-fifth of high-income parents. They are more worried about
their children being depressed or anxious.
[N] In the Pew survey, middle-class families earning between $30,000 and
$75,000 a year fell right between working-class and high-earning parents on
issues like the quality of their neighborhood for raising children, participation in
extracurricular activities and involvement in their children’s education.
[O] Children were not always raised so differently. The achievement gap
between children from high- and low-income families is 30-40% larger among
children born in 2001 than those born 25 years earlier, according to Mr.
Reardon’s research. People used to live near people of different income levels;
neighborhoods are now more segregated by income. More than a quarter of
children live in singleparent households — a historic high, according to Pew —

----- PAGE 8 -----
and these children are three times as likely to live in poverty as those who live
with married parents. Meanwhile, growing income inequality has coincided with
the increasing importance of a college degree for earning a middle-class wage.
[P] Yet there are recent signs that the gap could be starting to shrink. In the
past decade, even as income inequality has grown, some of the socioeconomic
differences in parenting, like reading to children and going to libraries, have
narrowed.
[Q] Public policies aimed at young children have helped, including public
preschool programs and reading initiatives. Addressing differences in the
earliest years, it seems, could reduce inequality in the next, generation.
36. Working-class parents teach their children to be obedient and show
respect to adults.
37. American parents, whether rich or poor, have similar expectations of
their children despite different
ways of parenting.
38.
While
rich
parents
are
more
concerned
with
their
children’s
psychological well-being, poor parents
are more worried about their children’s
safety.
39. The increasing differences in child rearing between rich and poor
families reflect growing social
inequality.
40. Parenting approaches of working-class and affluent families both have
advantages.
41. Higher-income families and working-class families now tend to live in
different neighborhoods.
42. Physical punishment is used much less by well-educated parents.
43. Ms. Lareau doesn’t believe participating in fewer after-class activities
will negatively affect children’s development.
44. Wealthy parents are concerned about their children’s mental health and
busy schedules.
45. Some socioeconomic differences in child rearing have shrunk in the
past ten years.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by
some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are
four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the
best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Tennessee’s technical and community colleges will not outsource (夕卜包）
management of their facilities to a private company, a decision one leader said
was bolstered by an analysis of spending at each campus.
In an email sent Monday to college presidents in the Tennessee Board of

----- PAGE 9 -----
Regents system, outgoing Chancellor John Morgan said an internal analysis
showed that each campus’ spending on facilities management fell well below the
industry standards identified by the state. Morgan said those findings — which
included data from the system’s 13 community colleges, 27 technical colleges
and six universities — were part of the decision not to move forward with
Governor Bill Haslam’s proposal to privatize management of state buildings in
an effort to save money.
“While these numbers are still being validated by the state, we feel any
adjustments they might suggest will be immaterial,” Morgan wrote to the
presidents. “System institutions are operating very efficiently based on this
analysis, raising the question of the value of pursuing a broad scale outsourcing
initiative.”
Workers，advocates have criticized Haslam’s plan, saying it would mean
some campus workers would lose their jobs or benefits. Haslam has said
colleges would be free to opt in or out of the outsourcing plan, which has not
been finalized.
Morgan notified the Haslam administration of his decision to opt out in a
letter sent last week. That letter, which includes several concerns Morgan has
with the plan, was originally obtained by The Commercial Appeal in Memphis.
In an email statement from the state’s Office of Customer Focused
Government, which is examining the possibility of outsourcing, spokeswoman
Michelle R. Martin said officials were still working to analyze the data from the
Board of Regents. Data on management expenses at the college system and in
other state departments will be part of a “business justification” the state will
use as officials deliberate the specifics of an outsourcing plan.
“The state’s facilities management project team is still in the process of
developing its business justification and expects to have that completed and
available to the public at the end of February,Martin said. “At this time there is
nothing to take action on since the analysis has yet to be completed.”
Morgan’s comments on outsourcing mark the second time this month that
he has come out against one of Haslam’s plans for higher education in Tennessee.
Morgan said last week that he would retire at the end of January because of the
governor’s proposal to split off six universities of the Board of Regents system
and create separate governing boards for each of them. In his resignation letter,
Morgan called the reorganization “unworkable.”
46. What do we learn about the decision of technical and community
colleges in Tennessee?
A) It is backed by a campus spending analysis.
B) It has been flatly rejected by the governor.
C) It has neglected their faculty’s demands.
D) It will improve their financial situation.

----- PAGE 10 -----
47. What does the campus spending analysis reveal?
A) Private companies play a big role in campus management.
B) Facilities management by colleges is more cost-effective.
C) Facilities management has greatly improved in recent years.
D) Colleges exercise full control over their own financial affairs.
48. Worker’ supporters argue that Bill Haslam’s proposal would_______.
A) deprive colleges of the right to manage their facilities
B) make workers less motivated in performing duties
C) render a number of campus workers jobless
D) lead to the privatization of campus facilities
49. What do we learn from the state spokeswoman’s response to John
Morgan’s decision?
A) The outsourcing plan is not yet finalized.
B) The outsourcing plan will be implemented.
C) The state officials are confident about the outsourcing plan.
D) The college spending analysis justifies the outsourcing plan.
50. Why did John Morgan decide to resign?
A) He had lost confidence in the Tennessee state government.
B) He disagreed with the governor on higher education policies.
C) He thought the state’s outsourcing proposal was simply unworkable.
D) He opposed the governor’s plan to reconstruct the college board system.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Beginning in the late sixteenth century, it became fashionable for young
aristocrats to visit Paris, Venice, Florence, and above all, Rome, as the
culmination (终极）of their classical education. Thus was born the idea of the
Grand Tour, a practice which introduced Englishmen, Germans, Scandinavians,
and also Americans to the art and culture of France and Italy for the next 300
years. Travel was arduous and costly throughout the period, possible only for a
privileged class — the same that produced gentlemen scientists, authors, antique
experts, and patrons of the arts.
The Grand Tourist was typically a young man with a thorough grounding in
Greek and Latin literature as well as some leisure time, some means, and some
interest in art. The German traveler Johann Winckelmann pioneered the field of
art history with his comprehensive study of Greek and Roman sculpture; he was
portrayed by his friend Anton Raphael Mengs at the beginning of his long
residence in Rome. Most Grand Tourists, however, stayed for briefer periods and
set out with less scholarly intentions, accompanied by a teacher or guardian, and
expected to return home with souvenirs of their travels as well as an
understanding of art and architecture formed by exposure to great masterpieces.
London was a frequent staring point for Grand Tourists, and Paris a
compulsory destination; many traveled to the Netherlands, some to Switzerland
and Germany, and a very few adventurers to Spain, Greece, or Turkey. The

----- PAGE 11 -----
essential place to visit, however, was Italy. The British traveler Charles
Thompson spoke for many Grand Tourists when in 1744 he described himself as
“being impatiently desirous of viewing a country so famous in history, a country
which once gave laws to the world, and which is at present the greatest school of
music
and
painting,
contains
the
noblest
productions
of
sculpture
and
architecture, and is filled with cabinets of rarities, and collections of all kinds of
historical relics.” Within Italy, the great focus was Rome, whose ancient ruins
and more recent achievements were shown to every Grand Tourist. Panini’s
Ancient Rome and Modem Rome represent the sights most prized, including
celebrated Greco-Roman statues and views of famous ruins, fountains, and
churches. Since there were few museums anywhere in Europe before the close of
the eighteenth century, Grand Tourists often saw paintings and sculptures by
gaining admission to private collections, and many were eager to acquire
examples of Greco-Roman and Italian art for their own collections. In England,
where architecture was increasingly seen as an aristocratic pursuit, noblemen
often applied what they learned from the villas of Palladio in the Veneto and the
evocative (唤起回忆的）ruins of Rome to their own country houses and gardens.
51. What is said about the Grand Tour?
A) It was fashionable among young people of the time.
B) It was unaffordable for ordinary people.
C) It produced some famous European artists.
D) It made a compulsory part of college education.
52. What did Grand Tourists have in common?
A) They had much geographic knowledge.
B) They were courageous and venturesome.
C) They were versed in literature and interested in art.
D) They had enough travel and outdoor-life experience.
53. How did Grand Tourists benefit from their travel?
A) They found inspiration in the world’s greatest masterpieces.
B) They got a better understanding of early human civilization.
C) They developed an interest in the origin of modem art forms.
D) They gained some knowledge of classical art and architecture.
54. Why did many Grand Tourists visit the private collections?
A) They could buy unique souvenirs there to take back home.
B) Europe hardly had any museums before the 19th century.
C) They found the antiques there more valuable.
D) Private collections were of greater variety.
55. How did the Grand Tour influence the architecture in England?
A) There appeared more and more Roman-style buildings.
B) Many aristocrats began to move into Roman-style villas.
C) Aristocrats’ country houses all had Roman-style gardens.
D) Italian architects were hired to design houses and gardens.

----- PAGE 12 -----
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage
from Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer
Sheet 2.
宋朝始于960 年，一直延续到1279 年。这一时期，中国经济大幅增长，
成为世界上最先进的经济体，科学、技术、哲学和数学蓬勃发展。宋代中国
是世界历史上首先发行纸币的国家, 宋朝还最早使用火药并发明了适室
（movable-type)印刷。人口增长迅速，越来越多的人住进城市，那里有热闹
的娱乐场所, 社会生活多种多样, 人们聚集在一起观看和交易珍贵艺术品。
宋朝的政府体制在当时也是先进的, 政府官员均通过竞争性考试选拔作用。

----- PAGE 13 -----
【参考答案】
【参考范文】
Nowadays, there has been a heated discussion as to the best choice in
selecting the major. Views on the topic vary greatly among people from different
walks of life. Some believe that it is a better choice to acquire knowledge in
science, but others consider it better to dig into the humanities.
I totally agree with the former choice for the reasons presented below.
Above all, it is good for the whole society because if more people in this society
can choose to acquire scientific knowledge,it is more likely that the society will
become better and better. Also, it is good for the person himself/herself. For
example, it can help him/her become a person of practice rather than a person of
words, which will make him/her a more useful person.
From my perspective, it is crucial that modern education should encourage
people to be practitioners rather than pedants. Also it is crucial that people
should understand the meaning and value of scientific knowledge. Only in this
way can we achieve greater success.
【1-5】CADBA
【6-10】BCABC
【11-15】DADAD
【16-20】CBBAC
【21-25】CACAD
【26-30】FLOHJ
【31-35】MACDN
【36-40】GFMDG
【41-45】OKHBP
【46-50】ABCAD
【51-55】BCDBA
【翻译参考译文】
The Song Dynasty began in the year 960 and lasted to the year 1279.
During this period, China’s economy developed rapidly and had become the
most
advanced
economy,
and
its
science,
technology,
philosophy
and
mathematicians boomed too. During the Song Dynasty, China was the first
country that issued paper money in the history of the world, gunpowder was first
used, and the movable-type printing was also invented. As the population
increased fast, more and more people moved to cities, where existed many
entertainment places. The social life was diverse. People could gather together
to watch and exchange valuable artworks there. The government system was
also advanced at that time. The government officials were all selected and
employed by competitive exams.
