
----- PAGE 1 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2017年6 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 2 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A ) , B ) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) Doing enjoyable work.
B) Having friendly colleagues.
C) Earning a competitive salary.
D) Working for supportive bosses.
2. A) 31%.
B)20%.
C) 25%.
D) 73%.
3. A) Those of a small size.
B) Those run by women.
C) Those that are well managed.
D) Those full of skilled workers.
4. A) They can hop from job to job easily.
B) They can win recognition of their work.
C) They can better balance work and life.
D) They can take on more than one job.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It is a book of European history.
B) It is an introduction to music.
C) It is about the city of Bruges.
D) It is a collection of photos.
6. A) When painting the concert hall of Bruges.
B) When vacationing in an Italian coastal city.
C) When taking pictures fbr a concert catalogue.
D) When writing about Belgium's coastal regions.
7. A) The entire European coastline will be submerged.
B) The rich heritage of Europe will be lost completely.
C) The seawater of Europe will be seriously polluted.
D) The major European scenic spots will disappear.
8. A) Its waterways are being increasingly polluted.
B) People cannot get around without using boats.
C) It attracts large numbers of tourists from home and abroad.
D) Tourists use wooden paths to reach their hotels in the morning.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 3 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ) ,
C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They make careful preparations beforehand.
B) They take too many irrelevant factors into account.
C) They spend too much time anticipating their defeat.
D) They try hard to avoid getting off on the wrong foot.
10. A) A person's nervous system is more complicated than imagined.
B) Golfers usually have positive mental images of themselves.
C) Mental images often interfere with athletes, performance.
D) Thinking has the same effect on the nervous system as doing.
11. A) Anticipate possible problems. 
C) Picture themselves succeeding.
B) Make a list of do's and don'ts. 
D) Try to appear more professional.
12. A) She wore a designer dress. 
C) She did not speak loud enough.
B) She won her first jury trial. 
D) She presented moving pictures.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A) Its long-term effects are yet to be proved.
B) Its health benefits have been overestimated.
C) It helps people to avoid developing breast cancer.
D) It enables patients with diabetes to recover sooner.
14. A) It focused on their ways of life during young adulthood.
B) It tracked their change in food preferences for 20 years.
C) It focused on their difference from men in fiber intake.
D) It tracked their eating habits since their adolescence.
15. A) Fiber may help to reduce hormones in the body.
B) Fiber may bring more benefits to women than men.
C) Fiber may improve the function of heart muscles.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 4 -----
D) Fiber may make blood circulation more smooth.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Observing the changes in marketing.
B) Conducting research on consumer behavior.
C) Studying the hazards of young people drinking.
D) Investigating the impact of media on government.
17. A) It is the cause of many street riots. 
C) It is getting worse year by year.
B) It is a chief concern of parents. 
D) It is an act of socialising.
18. A) They spent a week studying their own purchasing behavior.
B) They researched the impact of mobile phones on young people.
C) They analysed their family budgets over the years.
D) They conducted a thorough research on advertising.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It is helping its banks to improve efficiency.
B) It is trying hard to do away with dirty money.
C) It is the first country to use credit cards in the world.
D) It is likely to give up paper money in the near future.
20. A) Whether it is possible to travel without carrying any physical currency.
B) Whether it is possible to predict how much money one is going to spend.
C) Whether the absence of physical currency causes a person to spend more.
D) Whether the absence of physical currency is going to affect everyday life.
21. A) There was no food service on the train.
B) The service on the train was not good.
C) The restaurant car accepted cash only.
D) The cash in her handbag was missing.
22. A) By putting money into envelopes.
B) By drawing money week by week.
C) By limiting their day-to-day spending.
D) By refusing to buy anything on credit.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 5 -----
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) Population explosion.
B) Chronic hunger.
C) Extinction of rare species.
D) Environmental deterioration.
24. A) They contribute to overpopulation.
B) About half of them are unintended.
C) They have been brought under control.
D) The majority of them tend to end halfway.
25. A) It is essential to the wellbeing of all species on earth.
B) It is becoming a subject of interdisciplinary research.
C) It is neglected in many of the developing countries.
D) It is beginning to attract postgraduates5 attention.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word far
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
After becoming president of Purdue University in 2013, Mitch Daniels asked the faculty to prove
that their students have actually achieved one of higher education's most important goals: critical
thinking skills. Two years before, a nationwide study of college graduates had shown that more than a
third had made no 
26 
gains in such mental abilities during their school years. Mr. Daniels needed
to 
27 
the high cost of attending Purdue to its students and their families. After all, the percentage
of Americans who say a college degree is u very importantv has fallen 
28 
in the last 5- 6 years.
Purdue now has a pilot test to assess students, critical thinking skills. Yet like many college
teachers around the U.S., the faculty remain 
29 
that their work as educators can be measured by
a u learning 
30 
" such as a graduate's ability to investigate and reason. However, the professors
need not worry so much. The results of a recent experiment showed that professors can use 
31
metrics to measure how well students do in three key areas: critical thinking, written communication,
and quantitative literacy.
Despite the success of the experiment, the actual results are worrisome, and mostly 
32
earlier studies. The organizers of the experiment concluded that for fewer students were achieving at
high levels on critical thinking than they were doing for written communication or quantitative
literacy. And that conclusion is based only on students nearing graduation.
American universities, despite their global 
33 
for excellence in teaching, have only begun to
demonstrate what they can produce in real-world learning. Knowledge-based degrees are still
6 , 4

----- PAGE 6 -----
important, but employers are 
34 
advanced thinking skills from college graduates. If the
intellectual worth of a college degree can be 
35 
measured, more people will seek higher
education ■— and come out better thinkers.
A)
accurately
I)
predominance
B)
confirm
J)
presuming
C)
demanding
K)
reputation
D)
doubtful
L)
significant
E)
drastically
M) signify
F)
justify
N)
simultaneously
G)
monopolized
0)
standardized
H)
outcome
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
The Price of Oil and the Price of Carbon
[A] Fossil fuel prices are likely to stay u low for long." Notwithstanding important recent progress in
developing renewable fuel sources, low fossil fuel prices could discourage further innovation in,
and adoption of, cleaner energy technologies. The result would be higher emissions of carbon
dioxide and other greenhouse gases.
[B] Pol icy makers should not allow low energy prices to derail the clean energy transition. Action to
restore appropriate price incentives, notably through corrective carbon pricing, is urgently needed
to lower the risk of irreversible and potentially devastating effects of climate change. That
approach also oflers fiscal benefits.
[C] Oil prices have dropped by over 60% since June 2014. A commonly held view in the oil industry
is that “the best cure for low oil prices is low oil prices.n The reasoning behind this saying is that
low oil prices discourage investment in new production capacity, eventually shifting the oil supply
curve backward and bringing prices back up as existing oil fields—which can be tapped at
relatively low marginal cost—are depleted. In fact, in line with past experience, capital expenditure
in the oil sector has dropped sharply in many producing countries, including the United States. The
dynamic adjustment to low oil prices may, however, be different this time around.
6 - 5

----- PAGE 7 -----
[D] Oil prices are expected to remain lower for longer. The advent of new technologies has added
about 4.2 million barrels per day to the crude oil market, contributing to a global over-supply. In
addition, other factors are putting downward pressure on oil prices: change in the strategic
behavior of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, the projected increase in Iranian
exports, the scaling-down of global demand (especially from emerging markets), the long-term
drop in petroleum consumption in the United States, and some displacement of oil by substitutes.
These likely persistent forces, like the growth of shale ( 页岩) oil, point to a u low for long
scenario. Futures markets, which show only a modest recovery of prices to around $ 60 a barrel
by 2019, support this view.
[E] Natural gas and coal—also fossil fuels—have similarly seen price declines that look to be long-
lived. Coal and natural gas are mainly used for electricity generation, whereas oil is used mostly
to power transportation, yet the prices of all these energy sources are linked. The North American
shale gas boom has resulted in record low prices there. The recent discovery of the giant Zohr gas
field off the Egyptian coast will eventually have impact on pricing in the Mediterranean region
and Europe, and there is significant development potential in many other places, notably
Argentina. Coal prices also are low, owing to over-supply and the scaling-down of demand,
especially from China, which burns half of the world's coal.
[F] Technological innovations have unleashed the power of renewables such as wind, hydro, solar,
and geothermal(
). Even Africa and the Middle East, home to economies that are heavily
dependent on fossil fuel exports, have enormous potential to develop renewables. For example,
the United Arab Emirates has endorsed an ambitious target to draw 24% of its primary energy
consumption from renewable sources by 2021.
[G] Progress in the development of renewables could be fragile, however, if fossil fuel prices remain
low for long. Renewables account fbr only a small share of global primary energy consumption,
which is still dominated by fossil fuels—30% each for coal and oil, 25% fbr natural gas. But
renewable energy will have to displace fossil fuels to a much greater extent in the future to avoid
unacceptable climate risks.
[H] Unfortunately, the current low prices for oil, gas, and coal may provide little incentive fbr
research to find even cheaper substitutes fbr those fuels. There is strong evidence that both
innovation and adoption of cleaner technology are strongly encouraged by higher fossil fuel
prices. The same is true for new technologies fbr alleviating fossil fuel emissions.
[I] The current low fossil fuel price environment will thus certainly delay the energy transition from
fossil fuel to clean energy sources. Unless renewables become cheap enough that substantial
carbon deposits are left underground fbr a very long time, if not forever, the planet will likely be
exposed to potentially catastrophic climate risks.
[J] Some climate impacts may already be discernible. For example, the United Nations Children's
6 • 6

----- PAGE 8 -----
Fund estimates that some 11 million children in Africa face hunger, disease, and water shortages
as a result of the strongest El Nino（厄尔尼诺）weather phenomenon in decades. Many scientists
believe that El Nino events, caused by warming in the Pacific, are becoming more intense as a
result of climate change.
[K] Nations from around the world have gathered in Paris for the United Nations Climate Change
Conference, COP 21, with the goal of a universal and potentially legally-binding agreement on
reducing greenhouse gas emissions. We need very broad participation to fully address the global
tragedy that results when countries fail to take into account the negative impact of their carbon
emissions on the rest of the world. Moreover, non-participation by nations, if sufficiently
widespread, can undermine the political will of participating countries to act.
[L] The nations participating at COP 21 are focusing on quantitative emissions-reduction
commitments. Economic reasoning shows that the least expensive way for each country is to put
a price on carbon emissions. The reason is that when carbon is priced, those emissions reductions
that are least costly to implement will happen first. The International Monetary Fund calculates
that countries can generate substantial fiscal revenues by eliminating fossil fuel subsidies and
levying carbon charges that capture the domestic damage caused by emissions. A tax on
upstream carbon sources is one easy way to put a price on carbon emissions, although some
countries may wish to use other methods, such as emissions trading schemes. In order to
maximize global welfare, every country's carbon pricing should reflect not only the purely
domestic damage from emissions, but also the damage to foreign countries.
[M] Setting the right carbon price will therefore efficiently align the costs paid by carbon users with
the true social opportunity cost of using carbon. By raising relative demand for clean energy
sources, a carbon price would also help align the market return to clean-energy innovation with
its social return, spurring the refinement of existing technologies and the development of new
ones. And it would raise the demand for technologies such as carbon capture and storage,
spurring their further development. If not corrected by the appropriate carbon price, low fossil
fuel prices are not accurately signaling to markets the true social profitability of clean energy.
While alternative estimates of the damage from carbon emissions differ, and ifs especially hard to
reckon the likely costs of possible catastrophic climate events, most estimates suggest substantial
negative effects.
[N] Direct subsidies to research and development have been adopted by some governments but are a
poor substitute for a carbon price: they do only part of the job, leaving in place market incentives
to over-use fossil fuels and thereby add to the stock of atmospheric greenhouse gases without
regard to the collateral^ 附带的）costs.
[O] The hope is that the success of COP 21 opens the door to future international agreement on
carbon prices. Agreement on an international carbon-price floor would be a good starting point in
that process. Failure to address comprehensively the problem of greenhouse gas emissions,
6 - 7

----- PAGE 9 -----
however, exposes all generations, present and future, to incalculable risks.
36. A number of factors are driving down the global oil prices not just for now but in the foreseeable ftiture.
37. Pricing carbon proves the most economical way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
38. It is estimated that extreme weather conditions have endangered the lives of millions of African
children.
39. The prices of coal are low as a result of over-supply and decreasing demand.
40. Higher fossil fuel prices prove to be conducive to innovation and application of cleaner
technology.
41. If fossil fuel prices remain low for a long time, it may lead to higher emissions of greenhouse gases.
42. Fossil fuels remain the major source of primary energy consumption in today's world.
43. Even major fossil fuel exporting countries have great potential to develop renewable energies.
44. Greenhouse gas emissions, if not properly dealt with, will pose endless risks for mankind.
45. It is urgent for governments to increase the cost of using fossil fuels to an appropriate level to
lessen the catastrophic effects of climate change.
Section C
Directions ： There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C ) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
S h eet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Open data sharers are still in the minority in many fields. Although many researchers broadly
agree that public access to raw data would accelerate science, most are reluctant to post the results of
their own labours online.
Some communities have agreed to share online — geneticists, for example, post DNA sequences
at the GenBank repository(库)” and astronomers are accustomed to accessing images of galaxies and
stars from, say, the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, a telescope that has observed some 500 million objects 一
but these remain the exception, not the rule. Historically, scientists have objected to sharing fbr many
reasons: it is a lot of work; until recently, good databases did not exist; grant funders were not pushing
for sharing; it has been difficult to agree on standards for formatting data; and there is no agreed way to
assign credit for data.
6 - 8

----- PAGE 10 -----
But the barriers are disappearing, in part because journals and funding agencies worldwide are
encouraging scientists to make their data public. Last year, the Royal Society in London said in its
report that scientists need to 11 shift away from a research culture where data is viewed as a private
preserven . Funding agencies note that data paid for with public money should be public information,
and the scientific community is recognizing that data can now be shared digitally in ways that were
not possible before. To match the growing demand, services are springing up to make it easier to
publish research products online and enable other researchers to discover and cite them.
Although calls to share data often concentrate on the moral advantages of sharing, the practice is
not purely a/打切s力，c(利他的).Researchers who share get plenty of personal benefits, including more
connections with colleagues, improved visibility and increased citations. The most successful sharers
一those whose data are downloaded and cited the most often — get noticed, and their work gets
used. For example, one of the most popular data sets on multidisciplinary repository Dryad is about
wood density around the world; it has been downloaded 5,700 times. Co-author Amy Zanne thinks
that users probably range from climate-change researchers wanting to estimate how much carbon is
stored in biomass, to foresters looking for information on different grades of timber, “rd much prefer
to have my data used by the maximum number of people to ask their own questions,she says. u Ifs
important to allow readers and reviewers to see exactly how you arrive at your results. Publishing
data and code allows your science to be reproducible/'
Even people whose data are less popular can benefit. By making the effort to organize and label
files so that others can understand them, scientists become more organized and better disciplined
themselves, thus avoiding confusion later on.
46. What do many researchers generally accept?
A) It is imperative to protect scientists5 patents.
B) Repositories are essential to scientific research.
C) Open data sharing is most important to medical science.
D) Open data sharing is conducive to scientific advancement.
47. What is the attitude of most researchers towards making their own data public?
A) Opposed.
B) Ambiguous.
C) Liberal.
D) Neutral.
48. According to the passage, what might hinder open data sharing?
A) The fear of massive copying.
B) The lack of a research culture.
C) The belief that research data is private intellectual property.
D) The concern that certain agencies may make a profit out of it.
49. What helps lift some of the barriers to open data sharing?
A) The ever-growing demand for big data.
B) The advancement of digital technology.
C) The changing attitude of journals and funders.
6 - 9

----- PAGE 11 -----
D) The trend of social and economic development.
50. Dryad serves as an example to show how open data s h a r i n g .
A) is becoming increasingly popular 
C) makes researchers successful
B) benefits sharers and users alike 
D) saves both money and labor
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Macy's reported its sales plunged 5.2% in November and December at stores open more than a
year, a disappointing holiday season performance that capped a difficult year for a department store
chain facing wide-ranging challenges. Its flagship stores in major U. S. cities depend heavily on
international tourist spending, which shrank at many retailers due to a strong dollar. Meanwhile, Macy's
has simply struggled to lure consumers who are more interested in spending on travel or dining out
than on new clothes or accessories.
The company blamed much of the poor performance in November and December on
unseasonably warm weather. u About 80% of our company's year-over-year declines in comparable
sales can be attributed to shortfalls ( 短缺) in cold-weather goods,n said chief executive Terry
Lundgren in a press release. This prompted the company to cut its forecasts for the full fourth quarter.
However, ifs clear that Macy's believes its troubles run deeper than a temporary aberration (偏
离)off the thermometer. The retail giant said the poor financial performance this year has pushed it to
begin implementing $ 400 million in cost-cutting measures. The company pledged to cut 600 back-
office positions, though some 150 workers in those roles would be reassigned to other jobs. It also
plans to offer 4( voluntary separation" packages to 165 senior executives. It will slash staffing at its
fleet of 770 stores, a move affecting some 3,000 employees.
The retailer also announced the locations of 36 stores it will close in early 2016. The company
had previously announced the planned closures, but had not said which locations would be affected.
None of the chain's stores in the Washington metropolitan area are to be closed.
Macy's has been moving aggressively to try to remake itself fbr a new era of shopping. It has
plans to open more locations of Macy's Backstage, a newly-developed off-price concept which might
help it better compete with ambitious T.J. Maxx. Ifs also pushing ahead in 2016 with an expansion of
Bluemercury, the beauty chain it bought last year. At a time when young beauty shoppers are often
turning to Sephora or Ulta instead of department store beauty counters, Macy's hopes Bluemercury
will help strengthen its position in the category.
One relative bright spot fbr Macy's during the holiday season was the online channel, where it
rang up u double-digit" increases in sales and a 25% increase in the number of orders it filled. That
relative strength would be consistent with what was seen in the wider retail industry during the early
part of the holiday season. While Thanksgiving, Black Friday and Cyber Monday all saw record
spending online, in-store sales plunged over the holiday weekend.
6 - 10

----- PAGE 12 -----
51. What does the author say about the shrinking spending of international tourists in the U.S.?
A) It is attributable to the rising value of the U.S. dollar.
B) It is a direct result of the global economic recession.
C) It reflects a shift of their interest in consumer goods.
D) It poses a potential threat to the retail business in the U.S.
52. What does Macy's believe about its problems?
A) They can be solved with better management.
B) They cannot be attributed to weather only.
C) They are not as serious in its online stores.
D) They call fbr increased investments.
53. In order to cut costs, Macy's decided t
o
.
A) cut the salary of senior executives 
C) adjust its promotion strategies
B) relocate some of its chain stores 
D) reduce the size of its staff
54. Why does Macy's plan to expand Bluemercury in 2016?
A) To experiment on its new business concept.
B) To fbcus more on beauty products than clothing.
C) To promote sales of its products by lowering prices.
D) To be more competitive in sales of beauty products.
55. What can we learn about Macy's during the holiday season?
A) Sales dropped sharply in its physical stores.
B) Its retail sales exceeded those of T. J. Maxx.
C) It helped Bluemercury establish its position worldwide.
D) It filled its stores with abundant supply of merchandise.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
明朝统治中国276年,被人们描绘成人类历史上治理有序、社会稳定的最伟大的时代之一。
这一时期，手工业的发展促进了市场经济和城市化。大量商品，包括酒和丝绸，都在市场销售。
同时,还进口许多外国商品，如时钟和烟草。北京、南京、扬州、苏州这样的大商业中心相继形
成。也是在明代，由郑和率领的船队曾到印度洋进行了七次大规模探险航行。还值得一提的
是，中国文学的四大经典名著中有三部写于明代。
6 • 11

----- PAGE 13 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to major in science or humanities at
college, write an essay to state your opinion. You are required to write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 14 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2017年6 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 15 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
4) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
回: 幽涉
扫码获音频
1. A) He would feel insulted.
B) He would feel very sad.
C) He would be embarrassed.
D) He would be disappointed.
2. A) They are worthy of a prize.
B) They are of little value.
3. A) He seldom writes a book straight through.
B) He writes several books simultaneously.
C) They make good reading.
D) They need improvement.
C) He draws on his real-life experiences.
D) He often turns to his wife for help.
4. A) Writing a book is just like watching a football match.
B) Writers actually work every bit as hard as footballers.
C) He likes watching a football match after finishing a book.
D) Unlike a football match, there is no end to writing a book.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Achievements of black male athletes in college.
B) Financial assistance to black athletes in college.
C) High college dropout rates among black athletes.
D) Undergraduate enrollments of black athletes.
6. A) They display great talent in every kind of game.
B) They are better at sports than at academic work.
C) They have difficulty finding money to complete their studies.
D) They make money for the college but often fail to earn a degree.
7. A) About 15%.
B) Around 40% .
C) Slightly over 50% .
D) Approximately 70%.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 16 -----
8. A) Coaches lack the incentive to graduate them.
B) College degrees do not count much to them.
C) They have little interest in academic work.
D) Schools do not deem it a serious problem.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ) ,
C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Marketing strategies.
B) Holiday shopping.
10. A) About 50% of holiday shoppers.
B) About 20- 30% of holiday shoppers.
11. A) They have fewer customers.
B) They find it hard to survive.
12. A) Better quality of consumer goods.
B) Higher employment and wages.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you
13. A) They are new species of big insects.
B) They are overprescribed antibiotics.
14. A) Antibiotics are now in short supply.
B) Many infections are no longer curable.
15. A) Facilities.
B) Expertise.
C) Shopping malls.
D) Online stores.
C) About 136 million.
D) About 183.8 million.
C) They are thriving once more.
D) They appeal to elderly customers.
C) Greater varieties of commodities.
D) People having more leisure time.
have just heard.
C) They are life-threatening diseases.
D) They are antibiotic-resistant bacteria.
C) Large amounts of tax money are wasted.
D) Routine operations have become complex.
C) Money.
D) Publicity.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 17 -----
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16.A) It is accessible only to the talented.
B) It improves students, ability to think.
C) It starts a lifelong learning process.
D) It gives birth to many eminent scholars.
17.A) They encourage academic democracy.
B) They promote globalization.
C) They uphold the presidents5 authority.
D) They protect students' rights.
18.A) His thirst for knowledge.
B) His eagerness to find a job.
C) His contempt for authority.
D) His potential fbr leadership.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19 .A) Few people know how to retrieve information properly.
B) People can enhance their memory with a few tricks.
C) Most people have a rather poor long-term memory.
D) People tend to underestimate their mental powers.
20 .A) They present the states in a surprisingly different order.
B) They include more or less the same number of states.
C) They are exactly the same as is shown in the atlas.
D) They contain names of the most familiar states.
21 .A) Focusing on what is likely to be tested.
B) Having a good sleep the night before.
C) Reviewing your lessons where the exam is to take place.
D) Making sensible decisions while choosing your answers.
22 .A) Discover when you canl earn best. 
C) Give yourself a double bonus afterwards.
B) Change your time of study daily. 
D) Follow the example of a marathon runner.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23 .A) He is a politician. 
C) He is a sociologist.
B) He is a businessman. 
D) He is an economist.
24 .A) In slums. 
C) In pre-industrial societies.
B) In Africa. 
D) In developing countries.
25 .A) They have no access to health care, let alone entertainment or recreation.
B) Their income is less than 50% of the national average family income.
C) They work extra hours to have their basic needs met.
D) Their children cannot afford to go to private schools.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 18 -----
Part III
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the hank more than once.
Half of your brain stays alert and prepared fbr danger when you sleep in a new place, a study
has revealed. This phenomenon is often 
26 
to as the u first-night-effect". Researchers from
Brown University found that a network in the left hemisphere of the brain u remained more activen
than the network in the right side of the brain. Playing sounds into the right ears (stimulating the left
hemisphere)of 
27 
was more likely to wake them up than if the noises were played into their
left ears.
It was 
28 
observed that the left side of the brain was more active during deep sleep. When
the researchers repeated the laboratory experiment on the second and third nights they found the left
hemisphere could not be stimulated in the same way during deep sleep. The researchers explained that
the study demonstrated when we are in a 
29 
environment the brain partly remains alert so that
humans can defend themselves against any 
30 
danger.
The researchers believe this is the first time that the first-night-effect" of different brain states
has been 
31 
in humans. It isn't, however, the first time it has ever been seen. Some animal _ 32
_ also display this phenomenon. For example, dolphins, as well as other 
33 
animals, shut down
one hemisphere of the brain when they go to sleep. A previous study noted that dolphins always __34
_ control their breathing. Without keeping the brain active while sleeping, they would probably
drown. But, as the human study suggests, another reason fbr dolphins keeping their eyes open during
sleep is that they can look out fbr 
35 
while asleep. It also keeps their physiological processes
working.
A)
classified
I)
potential
B)
consciously
J)
predators
C)
dramatically
K)
referred
D)
exotic
L)
species
E)
identified
M) specifically
F)
inherent
N)
varieties
G)
marine
0)
volunteers
H)
novel
6 , 4

----- PAGE 19 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Elite Math Competitions Struggle to Diversify Their Talent Pool
[A] Interest in elite high school math competitions has grown in recent years, and in light of last
summer's U.S. win at the International Math Olympiad (IMO)一the first for an American team in
more than two decades- the trend is likely to continue.
[B] But will such contests, which are overwhelmingly dominated by Asian and white students from
middle-class and affluent families, become any more diverse? Many social and cultural factors
play roles in determining which promising students get on the path toward international math
recognition. But efforts are in place to expose more black, Hispanic, and low-income students to
advanced math, in the hope that the demographic pool of high-level contenders will eventually
begin to shift and become less exclusive.
[C] "The challenge is if certain types of people are doing something, ifs difficult for other people to
break into it,“ said Po-Shen Loh, the head coach of last year's winning U.S. Math Olympiad
team.Participation grows through friends and networks and if “ you realize thafs how they're
growing, you can start to take actionv and bring in other students, he said.
[D] Most of the training for advanced-math competitions happens outside the confines of the normal
school day. Students attend after-school clubs, summer camps, online forums and classes, and
university-based “math circles," to prepare for the competitions.
[E] One of the largest feeders for high school math competitions—including those that eventually lead
to the IMO- is a middle school program called MathCounts. About 100,000 students around the
country participate in the program's competition series, which culminates in a national game­
show-style contest held each May. The most recent one took place last week in Washington, D C.
Students join a team through their schools, which provide a volunteer coach and pay a nominal
fee to send students to regional and state competitions. The 224 students who make it to the
national competition get an all-expenses-paid trip.
[F] Nearly all members of last yeafs winning U.S. IMO team took part in MathCounts as middle
school students, as did Loh, the coach.u Middle school is an important age because students have
6 - 5

----- PAGE 20 -----
enough math capability to solve advanced problems, but they haven't really decided what they
want to do with their lives,“ said Loh. 41 They often get hooked then."
[G] Another influential feeder for advanced-math students is an online school called Art of Problem
Solving, which began about 13 years ago and now has 15,000 users. Students use forums to chat,
play games, and solve problems together at no cost, or they can pay a few hundred dollars to take
courses with trained teachers. According to Richard Rusczyk, the company founder, the six U.S.
team members who competed at the IMO last year collectively took more than 40 courses on the
site. Parents of advanced-math students and MathCounts coaches say the children are on the
website constantly.
[H] There are also dozens of summer camps—many attached to universities—that aim to prepare elite
math students. Some are pricey- a three-week intensive program can cost $ 4,500 or more- but
most offer scholarships. The Math Olympiad Summer Training Program is a three-week math
camp held by the Mathematical Association of America that leads straight to the international
championship and is free fbr those who make it. Only about 50 students are invited based on their
performance on written tests and at the USA Math Olympiad.
[I] Students in university towns may also have access to another lever fbr involvement in accelerated
math: math circles. In these groups, which came out of an Eastern European tradition of
developing young talent, professors teach promising K-12 students advanced mathematics for
several hours after school or on weekends. The Los Angeles Math Circle, held at the University of
California, Los Angeles, began in 2007 with 20 students and now has more than 250. “ These
math circles cost nothing, or they're very cheap fbr students to get involved in, but you have to
know about them,“ said Rusczyk. " Most people would love to get students from more
underserved populations, but they just can't get them in the door. Part of it is communication; part
of it is transportation/'
[J] Ifs no secret in the advanced-math community that diversity is a problem. According to Mark Saul,
the director of competitions for the Mathematical Association of America, not a single African-
American or Hispanic student—and only a handful of girls—has ever made it to the Math
Olympiad team in its 50 years of existence. Many schools simply don't prioritize academic
competitions. u Do you know who we have to beat?" asked Saul. <4The football team, the basketball
team—thafs our competition fbr resources, student time, attention, school dollars, parent efforts,
school enthusiasm."
[K] Teachers in low-income urban and rural areas with no history of participating in math
competitions may not know about advanced-math opportunities like MathCounts- and those
who do may not have support or feel trained to lead them.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 21 -----
[L] But there are initiatives in place to try to get more underrepresented students involved in
accelerated math. A New York City-based nonprofit called Bridge to Enter Mathematics runs a
residential summer program aimed at getting underserved students, mostly black and Hispanic,
working toward math and science careers. The summer after 7th grade, students spend three
weeks on a college campus studying advanced math for seven hours a day. Over the next five
years, the group helps the students get into other elite summer math programs, high-performing
high schools, and eventually college. About 250 students so far have gone through the program,
which receives funding from the Jack Kent Cooke Foundation.
[M] "If you look at a lot of low-income communities in the United States, there are programs that are
serving them, but they5 re primarily centered around ' Let's get these kids' grades up,' and not
around ' Lefs get these kids access to the same kinds of opportunities as more-affluent kids,'"
said Daniel Zaharopol, the founder and executive director of the program. "We're trying to create
that pathway.n Students apply to the program directly through their schools. u We want to reach
parents who are not plugged into the system," said Zaharopol.
[N] In the past few years, MathCounts added two new middle school programs to try to diversify its
participant pool- the National Math Club and the Math Video Challenge. Schools or teachers
who sign up fbr the National Math Club receive a kit full of activities and resources, but there's
no special teacher training and no competition attached.
[O] The Math Video Challenge is a competition, but a collaborative one. Teams of four students make
a video illustrating a math problem and its real-world application. After the high-pressure
Countdown round at this year's national MathCounts competition, in which the top 12 students
went head to head solving complex problems in rapid fire, the finalists for the Math Video
Challenge took the stage to show their videos. The demographics of that group looked quite
different from those in the competition round- of the 16 video finalists, 13 were girls and eight
were African-American students. The video challenge does not put individual students on the hot
seat- so ifs less intimidating by design. It also adds the element of artistic creativity to attract a
new pool of students who may not see themselves as “math people/'
36. Middle school is a crucial period when students may become keenly interested in advanced
mathematics.
37. Elite high school math competitions are attracting more interest throughout the United States.
38. Math circles provide students with access to advanced-math training by university professors.
39. Students may take advantage of online resources to learn to solve math problems.
40. The summer program run by a nonprofit organization has helped many underserved students learn
6 - 7

----- PAGE 22 -----
advanced math.
41. Winners of local contests will participate in the national math competition fbr free.
42. Many schools don't place academic competitions at the top of their priority list.
43. Contestants of elite high school math competitions are mostly Asian and white students from well-
off families.
44. Some math training programs primarily fbcus on raising students' math scores.
45. Some intensive summer programs are very expensive but most of them provide scholarships.
Section C
Directions ： There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
We live today indebted to McCardell, Cashin, Hawes, Wilkins, and Maxwell, and other women
who liberated American fashion from the confines of Parisian design. Independence came in tying,
wrapping, storing, harmonizing, and rationalizing that wardrobe. These designers established the
modern dress code, letting play suits and other activewear outfits suffice fbr casual clothing, allowing
pants to enter the wardrobe, and prizing rationalism and versatility in dress, in contradiction to
dressing for an occasion or allotment of the day. Fashion in America was logical and answerable to
the will of the women who wore it. Implicitly or explicitly, American fashion addressed a democracy,
whereas traditional Paris-based fashion was prescriptive and imposed on women, willing or not.
In an earlier time, American fashion had also followed the dictates of Paris, or even copied and
pirated specific French designs. Designer sportswear was not modeled on that of Europe, as u modern
art" would later be; it was genuinely invented and developed in America. Its designers were not high-
end with supplementary lines. The design objective and the business commitment were to sportswear,
and the distinctive traits were problem-solving ingenuity and realistic lifestyle applications. Ease of
care was most important: summer dresses and outfits, in particular, were chiefly cotton, readily
capable of being washed and pressed at home. Closings were simple, practical, and accessible, as
the modern woman depended on no personal maid to dress her. American designers prized
resourcefulness and the freedom of the women who wore the clothing.
Many have argued that the women designers of this time were able to project their own clothing
values into a new style. Of course, much of this argument in the 1930s-40s was advanced because
there was little or no experience in justifying apparel (月艮装)on the basis of utility. If Paris was cast
6 - 8

----- PAGE 23 -----
aside, the tradition of beauty was also to some degree slighted. Designer sportswear would have to be
verified by a standard other than that of pure beauty; the emulation of a designer's life in designer
sportswear was a crude version of this relationship. The consumer was ultimately to be mentioned
as well, especially by the likes of Dorothy Shaver, who could point to the sales figures at Lord &
Taylor.
Could utility alone justify the new ideas of the American designers? Fashion is often regarded as
a pursuit of beauty, and some cherished fashion's trivial relationship to the fine arts. What the
designers of American sportswear proved was that fashion is a genuine design art, answering to the
demanding needs of service. Of course these practical, insightful designers have determined the course
of late twentieth-century fashion. They were the pioneers of gender equity, in their useful, adaptable
clothing, which was both made for the masses and capable of self-expression.
46. What contribution did the women designers make to American fashion?
A) They made some improvements on the traditional Parisian design.
B) They formulated a dress code with distinctive American features.
C) They came up with a brand new set of design procedures.
D) They made originality a top priority in their fashion design.
47. What do we learn about American designer sportswear?
A) It imitated the European model. 
C) It represented genuine American art.
B) It laid emphasis on women's beauty. 
D) It was a completely new invention.
48. What characterized American designer sportswear?
A) Pursuit of beauty. 
C) Ease of care.
B) Decorative closings. 
D) Fabric quality.
49. What occurred in the design of women's apparel in America during the 1930s- 40s?
A) A shift of emphasis from beauty to utility.
B) The emulation of traditional Parisian design.
C) A search for balance between tradition and novelty.
D) The involvement of more women in fashion design.
50. What do we learn about designers of American sportswear?
A) They catered to the taste of the younger generation.
B) They radically changed people's concept of beauty.
C) They advocated equity between men and women.
D) They became rivals of their Parisian counterparts.
6 - 9

----- PAGE 24 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Massive rubbish dumps and sprawling landfills constitute one of the more uncomfortable impacts
that humans have on wildlife. They have led some birds to give up on migration. Instead of flying
thousands of miles in search of food, they make the waste sites their winter feeding grounds.
Researchers in Germany used miniature GPS tags to track the migrations of 70 white storks (鹳)
from different sites across Europe and Asia during the first five months of their lives. While many
birds travelled along well-known routes to warmer climates, others stopped short and spent the winter
on landfills, feeding on food waste, and the multitudes of insects that thrive on the dumps.
In the short-term, the birds seem to benefit from o v e r w i n t e r i n g ^ rubbish dumps. Andrea
Flack of the Max Planck Institute found that birds following traditional migration routes were more
likely to die than German storks that flew only as far as northern Morocco, and spent the winter there
on rubbish dumps. "For the birds ifs a very convenient way to get food. There are huge clusters of
organic waste they can feed on,^^ said Flack. The meals are not particularly appetising, or even safe.
Much of the waste is discarded rotten meat, mixed in with other human debris such as plastic bags
and old toys.
"It's very risky. The birds can easily eat pieces of plastic or rubber bands and they can die," said
Flack. u And we don't know about the long-term consequences. They might eat something toxic and
damage their health. We cannot estimate that yet.”
The scientists tracked white storks from different colonies in Europe and Africa. The Russian,
Greek and Polish storks flew as far as South Africa, while those from Spain, Tunisia and Germany
flew only as far as the Sahel.
Landfill sites on the Iberian peninsula have long attracted local white storks, but all of the
Spanish birds tagged in the study flew across the Sahara desert to the western Sahel. Writing in the
journal, the scientists describe how the storks from Germany were clearly affected by the presence of
waste sites, with four out of six birds that survived for at least five months overwintering on rubbish
dumps in northern Morocco, instead of migrating to the Sahel.
Flack said it was too early to know whether the benefits of plentiful food outweighed the risks of
feeding on landfills. But thafs not the only uncertainty. Migrating birds affect ecosystems both at
home and at their winter destinations, and disrupting the traditional routes could have unexpected side
effects. White storks feed on locusts (蝗虫)and other insects that can become pests if their numbers
get out of hand. 44They provide a useful service,n said Flack.
51. What is the impact of rubbish dumps on wildlife?
A) They have forced white storks to search for safer winter shelters.
B) They have seriously polluted the places where birds spend winter.
C) They have accelerated the reproduction of some harmful insects.
D) They have changed the previous migration habits of certain birds.
6 - 10

----- PAGE 25 -----
52. What do we learn about birds following the traditional migration routes?
A) They can multiply at an accelerating rate. 
C) They help humans kill harmful insects.
B) They can better pull through the winter. 
D) They are more likely to be at risk of dying.
53. What does Andrea Flack say about the birds overwintering on rubbish dumps?
A) They may end up staying there permanently.
B) They may eat something harmful.
C) They may evolve new feeding habits.
D) They may have trouble getting adequate food.
54. What can be inferred about the Spanish birds tagged in the study?
A) They gradually lose the habit of migrating in winter.
B) They prefer rubbish dumps far away to those at home.
C) They are not attracted to the rubbish dumps on their migration routes.
D) They join the storks from Germany on rubbish dumps in Morocco.
55. What is scientists, other concern about white storks feeding on landfills?
A) The potential harm to the ecosystem. 
C) The spread of epidemics to their homeland.
B) The genetic change in the stork species. 
D) The damaging effect on bio-diversity.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
宋朝始于960年，一直延续到1279年。这一时期，中国经济大幅增长，成为世界上最先进
的经济体，科学、技术、哲学和数学蓬勃发展。宋代中国是世界历史上首先发行纸币的国家。宋
朝还最早使用火药并发明了适里(movable-type)印刷。人口增长迅速，越来越多的人住进城市，
那里有热闹的娱乐场所。社会生活多种多样。人们聚集在一起观看和交易珍贵艺术品。宋朝
的政府体制在当时也是先进的。政府官员均通过竞争性考试选拔任用。
6 • 11

----- PAGE 26 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to attend a vocational college or a
university, write an essay to state your opinion. You are required to write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 27 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2017年6 月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 28 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
特别说明
学 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
公
I 第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
, ^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » 7 1
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Lefs all stop judging people who talk to themselves. New research says that those who can't
seem to keep their inner monologues (独白)in are actually more likely to stay on task, remain 
26
better and show improved perception capabilities. Not bad, really, for some extra muttering.
According to a series of experiments published in the Quarterly Journal of Experimental
Psychology by professors Gary Lupyan and Daniel Swignley, the act of using verbal clues to 
27
mental pictures helps people function quicker.
In one experiment, they showed pictures of various objects to twenty 
28 
and asked them to
find just one of those, a banana. Half were 
29 
to repeat out loud what they were looking for and
the other half kept their lips 
30 
. Those who talked to themselves found the banana slightly faster
than those who didn't, the researchers say. In other experiments, Lupyan and Swignley found that
31 
the name of a common product when on the hunt for it helped quicken someone's pace, but
talking about uncommon items showed no advantage and slowed you down.
Common research has long held that talking themselves through a task helps children learn,
although doing so when you've 
32 
matured is not a great sign of 
33 
The two professors
hope to refute that idea, 
34 
that just as when kids walk themselves through a process, adults can
benefit from using language not just to communicate, but also to help 44 augment thinkingv .
Of course, you are still encouraged to keep the talking at library tones and, whatever you do,
keep the information you share simple, like a grocery list. At any 
35 
, there's still such a thing as
too much information.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 29 -----
A)
apparently
I)
obscurely
B)
arrogance
J)
sealed
C)
brilliance
K)
spectators
D)
claiming
L)
trigger
E)
dedicated
M)
uttering
F)
focused
N)
volume
G)
incur
0 )
volunteers
H)
instructed
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Rich Children and Poor Ones Are Raised Very Differently
[A] The lives of children from rich and poor American families look more di他rent than ever before.
[B] Well-off families are ruled by calendars, with children enrolled in ballet, soccer and after-school
programs, according to a new Pew Research Center survey. There are usually two parents, who spend
a lot of time reading to children and worrying about their anxiety levels and hectic schedules.
[C] In poor families, meanwhile, children tend to spend their time at home or with extended family.
They are more likely to grow up in neighborhoods that their parents say aren't great for raising
children, and their parents worry about them getting shot, beaten up or in trouble with the law.
[D] The class differences in child rearing are growing—a symptom of widening inequality with far-
reaching consequences. Different upbringings set children on different paths and can deepen
socioeconomic divisions, especially because education is strongly linked to earnings. Children grow
up learning the skills to succeed in their socioeconomic stratum (阶层)，but not necessarily others.
[E] 
4< Early childhood experiences can be very consequential for children's long-term social, emotional
and cognitive development," said Sean Reardon, professor of poverty and inequality in education
at Stanford University. u And because those influence educational success and later earnings, early
childhood experiences cast a lifelong shadow.n The cycle continues: Poorer parents have less time
and fewer resources to invest in their children, which can leave children less prepared for school
and work, which leads to lower earnings.
[F] American parents want similar things for their children, the Pew report and past research have found:
6 • 2

----- PAGE 30 -----
for them to be healthy and happy, honest and ethical, caring and compassionate. There is no best
parenting style or philosophy, researchers say, and across income groups, 92% of parents say they are
doing a good job at raising their children. Yet they are doing it quite differently. Middle-class and
higher-income parents see their children as projects in need of careful cultivation, says Annette Lareau,
whose groundbreaking research on the topic was published in her book Unequal Childhoods ：
 Class,
Race and Family Life. They try to develop their skills through close supervision and organized
activities, and teach children to question authority figures and navigate elite institutions.
[G] Working-class parents, meanwhile, believe their children will naturally thrive, and give them far
greater independence and time for free play. They are taught to be compliant and respectful to
adults. There are benefits to both approaches. Working-class children are happier, more
independent, complain less and are closer to family members, Ms. Lareau found. Higher-income
children are more likely to declare boredom and expect their parents to solve their problems. Yet
later on, the more affluent children end up in college and on the way to the middle class, while
working-class children tend to struggle. Children from higher-income families are likely to have the
skills to navigate bureaucracies and succeed in schools and workplaces, Ms. Lareau said.
[H] 
u Do all parents want the most success for their children? Absolutely," she said. "D o some
strategies give children more advantages than others in institutions? Probably they do. Will
parents be damaging children if they have one fewer organized activity? No, I really doubt it."
[I] Social scientists say the differences arise in part because low-income parents have less money to
spend on music class or preschool, and less flexible schedules to take children to museums or
attend school events. Extracurricular activities reflect the differences in child rearing in the Pew
survey, which was of a nationally representative sample of 1,807 parents. Of families earning more
than $ 75,000 a year, 84% say their children have participated in organized sports over the past
year, 64% have done volunteer work and 62% have taken lessons in music, dance or art. Of
families earning less than $ 30,000, 59% of children have done sports, 37% have volunteered and
41% have taken arts classes.
[J] Especially in affluent families, children start young. Nearly half of high-earning, college-graduate
parents enrolled their children in arts classes before they were 5, compared with one-fifth of low-
income, less-educated parents. Nonetheless, 20% of well-off parents say their children's schedules
are too hectic, compared with 8% of poorer parents.
[K] Another example is reading aloud, which studies have shown gives children bigger vocabularies
and better reading comprehension in school. 71% of parents with a college degree say they do it
every day, compared with 33% of those with a high school diploma or less. White parents are
more likely than others to read to their children daily, as are married parents. Most affluent
parents enroll their children in preschool or day care, while low-income parents are more likely to
depend on family members. Discipline techniques vary by education level: 8% of those with a
6 • 3

----- PAGE 31 -----
postgraduate degree say they often beat their children, compared with 22% of those with a high
school degree or less.
[L] The survey also probed attitudes and anxieties. Interestingly, parents5 attitudes toward education do
not seem to reflect their own educational background as much as a belief in the importance of
education fbr upward mobility. Most American parents say they are not concerned about their
children's grades as long as they work hard. But 50% of poor parents say it is extremely important
to them that their children earn a college degree, compared with 39% of wealthier parents.
[M] Less-educated parents, and poorer and black and Latino parents are more likely to believe that
there is no such thing as too much involvement in a child's education. Parents who are white,
wealthy or college-educated say too much involvement can be bad. Parental anxieties reflect their
circumstances. High-earning parents are much more likely to say they live in a good
neighborhood fbr raising children. While bullying is parents5 greatest concern over all, nearly half
of low-income parents worry their child will get shot, compared with one-fifth of high-income
parents. They are more worried about their children being depressed or anxious.
[N] In the Pew survey, middle-class families earning between $ 30,000 and $ 75,000 a year fell right
between working-class and high-earning parents on issues like the quality of their neighborhood
for raising children, participation in extracurricular activities and involvement in their children, s
education.
[O] Children were not always raised so differently. The achievement gap between children from high-
and low-income families is 30-40% larger among children born in 2001 than those born 25 years
earlier, according to Mr. Reardon, s research. People used to live near people of different income
levels; neighborhoods are now more segregated by income. More than a quarter of children live
in single-parent households- a historic high, according to Pew- and these children are three
times as likely to live in poverty as those who live with married parents. Meanwhile, growing
income inequality has coincided with the increasing importance of a college degree for earning a
middle-class wage.
[P] Yet there are recent signs that the gap could be starting to shrink. In the past decade, even as
income inequality has grown, some of the socioeconomic differences in parenting, like reading to
children and going to libraries, have narrowed.
[Q] Public policies aimed at young children have helped, including public preschool programs and
reading initiatives. Addressing dififerences in the earliest years, it seems, could reduce inequality
in the next generation.
36. Working-class parents teach their children to be obedient and show respect to adults.
37. American parents, whether rich or poor, have similar expectations of their children despite
different ways of parenting.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 32 -----
38. While rich parents are more concerned with their children's psychological well-being, poor parents
are more worried about their children's safety.
39. The increasing differences in child rearing between rich and poor families reflect growing social
inequality.
40. Parenting approaches of working-class and affluent families both have advantages.
41. Higher-income families and working-class families now tend to live in different neighborhoods.
42. Physical punishment is used much less by well-educated parents.
43. Ms. Lareau doesn't believe participating in fewer after-class activities will negatively affect
children's development.
44. Wealthy parents are concerned about their children's mental health and busy schedules.
45. Some socioeconomic differences in child rearing have shrunk in the past ten years.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Tennessee's technical and community colleges will not outsource (夕卜包)management of their facilities
to a private company, a decision one leader said was bolstered by an analysis of spending at each campus.
In an email sent Monday to college presidents in the Tennessee Board of Regents system,
outgoing Chancellor John Morgan said an internal analysis showed that each campus, spending on
facilities management fell well below the industry standards identified by the state. Morgan said those
findings- which included data from the system's 13 community colleges, 27 technical colleges and
six universities- were part of the decision not to move forward with Governor Bill Haslam's proposal
to privatize management of state buildings in an effort to save money.
While these numbers are still being validated by the state, we feel any adjustments they might
suggest will be immaterial," Morgan wrote to the presidents. u System institutions are operating very
efficiently based on this analysis, raising the question of the value of pursuing a broad scale
outsourcing initiative.n
Workers, advocates have criticized Haslam's plan, saying it would mean some campus workers
would lose their jobs or benefits. Haslam has said colleges would be free to opt in or out of the
outsourcing plan, which has not been finalized.
6 - 5

----- PAGE 33 -----
Morgan notified the Haslam administration of his decision to opt out in a letter sent last week.
That letter, which includes several concerns Morgan has with the plan, was originally obtained by The
Commercial Appeal in Memphis.
In an email statement from the state's Office of Customer Focused Government, which is
examining the possibility of outsourcing, spokeswoman Michelle R. Martin said officials were still
working to analyze the data from the Board of Regents. Data on management expenses at the college
system and in other state departments will be part of a 41 business justification" the state will use as
officials deliberate the specifics of an outsourcing plan.
“The state's facilities management project team is still in the process of developing its business
justification and expects to have that completed and available to the public at the end of February," Martin
said. u At this time there is nothing to take action on since the analysis has yet to be completed.n
Morgan's comments on outsourcing mark the second time this month that he has come out
against one of Haslam's plans for higher education in Tennessee. Morgan said last week that he would
retire at the end of January because of the governofs proposal to split off six universities of the Board
of Regents system and create separate governing boards fbr each of them. In his resignation letter,
Morgan called the reorganization u unworkable.n
46. What do we learn about the decision of technical and community colleges in Tennessee?
A) It is backed by a campus spending analysis. 
C) It has neglected their faculty's demands.
B) It has been flatly rejected by the governor. 
D) It will improve their financial situation.
47. What does the campus spending analysis reveal?
A) Private companies play a big role in campus management.
B) Facilities management by colleges is more cost-effective.
C) Facilities management has greatly improved in recent years.
D) Colleges exercise full control over their own financial affairs.
48. Workers1 supporters argue that Bill Haslam's proposal w
o u l d .
A) deprive colleges of the right to manage their facilities
B) make workers less motivated in performing duties
C) render a number of campus workers jobless
D) lead to the privatization of campus facilities
49. What do we learn from the state spokeswoman's response to John Morgan's decision?
A) The outsourcing plan is not yet finalized.
B) The outsourcing plan will be implemented.
C) The state officials are confident about the outsourcing plan.
D) The college spending analysis justifies the outsourcing plan.
50. Why did John Morgan decide to resign?
A) He had lost confidence in the Tennessee state government.
B) He disagreed with the governor on higher education policies.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 34 -----
C) He thought the state's outsourcing proposal was simply unworkable.
D) He opposed the governor's plan to reconstruct the college board system.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Beginning in the late sixteenth century, it became fashionable for young aristocrats to visit Paris,
Venice, Florence, and above all, Rome, as the culmination (终极)of their classical education. Thus
was born the idea of the Grand Tour, a practice which introduced Englishmen, Germans,
Scandinavians, and also Americans to the art and culture of France and Italy fbr the next 300 years.
Travel was arduous and costly throughout the period, possible only for a privileged class- the same
that produced gentlemen scientists, authors, antique experts, and patrons of the arts.
The Grand Tourist was typically a young man with a thorough grounding in Greek and Latin
literature as well as some leisure time, some means, and some interest in art. The German traveler
Johann Winckelmann pioneered the field of art histoiy with his comprehensive study of Greek and
Roman sculpture; he was portrayed by his friend Anton Raphael Mengs at the beginning of his long
residence in Rome. Most Grand Tourists, however, stayed fbr briefer periods and set out with less
scholarly intentions, accompanied by a teacher or guardian, and expected to return home with souvenirs of
their travels as well as an understanding of art and architecture formed by exposure to great masterpieces.
London was a frequent starting point for Grand Tourists, and Paris a compulsory destination;
many traveled to the Netherlands, some to Switzerland and Germany, and a very few adventurers to
Spain, Greece, or Turkey. The essential place to visit, however, was Italy. The British traveler Charles
Thompson spoke for many Grand Tourists when in 1744 he described himself as 11 being impatiently
desirous of viewing a country so famous in history, a country which once gave laws to the world, and
which is at present the greatest school of music and painting, contains the noblest productions of
sculpture and architecture, and is filled with cabinets of rarities, and collections of all kinds of
historical relics." Within Italy, the great focus was Rome, whose ancient ruins and more recent
achievements were shown to every Grand Tourist. Panini's Ancient Rome and Modern Rome
represent the sights most prized, including celebrated Greco-Roman statues and views of famous
ruins, fountains, and churches. Since there were few museums anywhere in Europe before the close of
the eighteenth century, Grand Tourists often saw paintings and sculptures by gaining admission to
private collections, and many were eager to acquire examples of Greco-Roman and Italian art for their
own collections. In England, where architecture was increasingly seen as an aristocratic pursuit,
noblemen often applied what they learned from the villas of Palladio in the Veneto and the evocative
(噢起回，
忆的)ruins of Rome to their own country houses and gardens.
51. What is said about the Grand Tour?
A) It was fashionable among young people of the time.
B) It was unaffordable for ordinary people.
C) It produced some famous European artists.
D) It made a compulsory part of college education.
6 ・
 7

----- PAGE 35 -----
52. What did Grand Tourists have in common?
A) They had much geographic knowledge.
B) They were courageous and venturesome.
C) They were versed in literature and interested in art.
D) They had enough travel and outdoor-life experience.
53. How did Grand Tourists benefit from their travel?
A) They found inspiration in the world's greatest masterpieces.
B) They got a better understanding of early human civilization.
C) They developed an interest in the origin of modern art forms.
D) They gained some knowledge of classical art and architecture.
54. Why did many Grand Tourists visit the private collections?
A) They could buy unique souvenirs there to take back home.
B) Europe hardly had any museums before the 19th century.
C) They found the antiques there more valuable.
D) Private collections were of greater variety.
55. How did the Grand Tour influence the architecture in England?
A) There appeared more and more Roman-style buildings.
B) Many aristocrats began to move into Roman-style villas.
C) Aristocrats, country houses all had Roman-style gardens.
D) Italian architects were hired to design houses and gardens.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answ er Sheet 2.
唐朝始于618年，终于907年，是中国历史上最灿烂的时期。经过近三百年的发展，唐代中
国成为世界上最繁荣的强国，其首都长安是世界上最大的都市。这一时期，经济发达、商业繁
荣、社会秩序稳定，甚至边境也对外开放。随着城市化和财富的增加，艺术和文学也繁荣起来。
李白和杜甫是以作品简洁自然而著称的诗人。他们的诗歌打动了学者和普通人的心。即使在
今天，他们的许多诗歌仍广为儿童及成人阅读背诵。
6 - 8

----- PAGE 36 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to attend college at home or
abroad, write an essay to state your opinion. You are required to write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！
