
----- PAGE 1 -----
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（一） 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

----- PAGE 2 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（一） 
- 2 - 
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes) 
Directions : For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of having a sense of social 
responsibility. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words. 
Part II Listening Comprehension 
(25 minutes) 
Directions: Answer the questions 1 to 4 based on the following conversation. 
1. 
A.Magazine reporter
B.Fashion designer
C.Website designer
D.Features editor
2. 
A.Designing sports clothing
B.Consulting fashion experts
C.Answering daily emails
D.Interviewing job-seekers
3. 
A.It is challenging.
B.It is fascinating.
C.It is tiresome.
D.It is fashionable.
4. 
A.Her persistence
B.Her experience
C.Her competence
D.Her confidence
Directions: Answer the questions 5 to 8 based on the following conversation. 
5. 
A.It is enjoyable.
B.It is educational.
C.It is divorced from real life.
D.It is adapted from a drama.
6. 
A.All the roles are played by famous actors and actresses.
B.It is based on the real-life experiences of some celebrities.
C.Its plots and events reveal a lot about Frankie&#39;s actual life.
D.It is written, directed, edite d and produced by Frankie himself.
7. 
A.Go to the theater and enjoy it.
B.Recommend it to her friends.
C.Watch it with the man.
D.Download and watch it.
8. 
A.It has drawn criticisms from scientists.
B.It has been showing for over a decade.
C.It is a ridiculous piece of satire.
D.It is against common sense.
Directions: Answer the questions 9 to 11 based on the following passage. 
9. 
A.They are likely to get injured when moving too fast.
B.They believe in team spirit for good performance.
C.They need to keep moving to avoid getting hurt.

----- PAGE 3 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（一） 
- 3 - 
D.They have to learn how to avoid body contact.
10. 
A.They do not have many years to live after retirement.
B.They tend to live a longer life with early retirement.
C.They do not start enjoying life until full retirement.
D.They keep themselves busy even after retirement.
11. 
A.It prevents us from worrying.
B.It slows down our aging process.
C.It enables us to accomplish more in life.
D.It provides us with more chances to learn.
Directions: Answer the questions 12 to 15 based on the following passage. 
12. 
A.It tends to dwell upon their joyous experiences.
B.It wanders for almost half of their waking time.
C.It has trouble concentrating after a brain injury.
D.It tends to be affected by their negative feelings.
13. 
A.To find how happiness relates to daydreaming.
B.To observe how one&#39;s mind affects one&#39;s behavior.
C.To see why daydreaming impacts what one is doing.
D.To study the relation between heal th and daydreaming.
14. 
A.It helps them make good decisions.
B.It helps them tap their potentials.
C.It contributes to their creativity.
D.It contributes to clear thinking.
15. 
A.Subjects with clear goals in mind outperformed those without clear goals.
B.The difference in performance between the two groups was insignificant.
C.Non-daydreamers were more focused on their tasks than daydreamers.
D.Daydreamers did better than non-daydreamers in task performance.
Directions: Answer the questions 16 to 18 based on the following recording. 
16. 
A.They are the oldest buildings in Europe.
B.They are part of the Christian tradition.
C.They are renovated to attract tourists.
D.They are in worsening condition.
17. 
A.They have a history of 14 centuries.
B.They are 40 metres tall on average.
C.They are without foundations.
D.They consist of several storeys.
18. 
A.Wood was harmonious with nature.
B.Wooden buildings kept the cold out.
C.Timber was abundant in Scandinavia.
D.The Vikings liked wooden strctures.
Directions: Answer the questions 19 to 21 based on the following recording. 
19.

----- PAGE 4 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（一） 
- 4 - 
A.Similarities between human babies and baby animals.
B.Cognitive features of different newly born mammals.
C.Adults influence on children.
D.Abilities of human babies.
20. 
A.They can distinguish a happy tune from a sad one.
B.They love happy melodies more than sad ones.
C.They fall asleep easily while listening to music.
D.They are already sensitive to beats and rhythms.
21. 
A.Infants&#39;facial expressions.
B.Babies emotions.
C.Babies&#39; interaction with adult.
D.Infants&#39; behaviors.
Directions: Answer the questions 22 to 25 based on the following recording. 
22. 
A.It may harm the culture of today&#39;s workplace.
B.It may hinder individual career advancement.
C.It may result in unwillingness to take risks.
D.It may put too much pressure on team members.
23. 
A.They can hardly give expression to their original views.
B.They can become less motivated to do projects of their own.
C.They may find it hard to get their contributions recognized.
D.They may eventually lose their confidence and creativity.
24. 
A.They can enlarge their professional circle.
B.They can get chances to engage in research.
C.They can make the best use of their expertise.
D.They can complete the project more easily.
25. 
A.It may cause lots of arguments in a team.
B.It may prevent making a timely decision.
C.It may give rise to a lot of unnecessary expenses.
D.It may deprive a team of business opportunities.
Part III Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes) 
When considering risk factors associated with serious chronic diseases, we often think about health indicators 
such as cholesterol, blood pressure, and body weight. But poor diet and physical inactivity also each increase the risk 
of heart disease and have a role to play in the development of some cancers. Perhaps worse, the 26effects of an 
unhealthy diet and insufficient exercise are not limited to your body, Recent research has also shown that 27in a 
high-fat and high-sugar diet may have negative effects on your brain, causing learning and memory 28. 
Studies have found obesity is associated with impairments in cognitive functioning, as 29by a range of learning 
and memory tests, such as the ability to remember a list of words presented some minutes or hours earlier. There is 
also a growing body of evidence that diet-induced cognitive impairments can emerge 30—within weeks or even 
days. For example, one study found healthy adults 31to a high-fat diet for five days showed impaired attention, 
memory, and mood compared with a low-fat diet control group. Another study also found eating a high-fat and high- 
sugar breakfast each day for as little as four days resulted in problems with learning and memory 32to those 
observed in overweight and obese individuals. 

----- PAGE 5 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（一） 
- 5 - 
Body weight was not hugely different between the groups eating a healthy diet and those on high fat and sugar 
diets. So this shows negative 33of poor dietary intake can occur even when body weight has not changed 34. Thus, 
body weight is not always the best indicator of health and a thin person still needs to eat well and exercise 35. 
A.assessed
B.assigned
C.consequences
D.conspicuously
E.deficits
F.designated
G.detrimental
H.digestion
I.excelling
J.indulging
K.loopholes
L.rapidly
M.redundant
N.regularly
O.similar
Increased Screen Time and Wellbeing Decline in Youth 
[A] Have young people never had it so good? Or do they face more challenges than any previous generation? Our
current era in the West is one of high wealth. This means minors enjoy material benefits and legal protections that 
would have been the envy of those living in the past. But there is an increasing suspicion that all is not well for our 
youth. And one of the most popular explanations, among some experts and the popular media, is that excessive 
&quot;screen time&quot; is to blame. (This refers to all the attention young people devote to their phones, tablets 
and laptops.) However, this is a contentious theory and such claims have been treated skeptically by some scholars 
based on their reading of the relevant data. 
[B] Now a new study has provided another contribution to the debate, uncovering strong evidence that adolescent
wellbeing in the United States really is experiencing a decline and arguing that the most likely cause is the electronic 
riches we have given them. The background to this is that from the 1960s into the early 2000s, measures of average 
wellbeing went up in the US. This was especially true for younger people. It reflected the fact that these decades saw 
a climb in general standards of living and avoidance of mass societal traumas like full-scale war or economic 
deprivation. However, the &quot;screen time&quot; hypothesis, advanced by researchers such as Jean Twenge, is 
that electronic devices and excessive time spent online may have reversed these trends in recent years, causing 
problems for young people's psychological health. 
[C] To investigate, Twenge and her colleagues dived into the &quot;Monitoring the Future&quot;dataset based on
annual surveys of American school students from grades 8, 10, and 12 that started in 1991. In total, 1.1 million 
young people answered various questions related to their wellbeing. Twenge's team's analysis of the answers 
confirmed the earlier, well-established wellbeing climb, with scores rising across the 1990s, and into the later 2000s. 
This was found across measures like self-esteem, life satisfaction, happiness and satisfaction with individual 
domains like job, neighborhood, or friends. But around 2012 these measures started to decline. This continued 
through 2016, the most recent year for which data is available. 
[D] Twenge and her colleagues wanted to understand why this change in average wellbeing occurred. However, it is
very hard to demonstrate causes using non-experimental data such as this. In fact, when Twenge previously used this 
data to suggest a screen time effect, some commentators were quick to raise this problem. They argued that her 
causal-sounding claims rested on correlational data, and that she had not adequately accounted for other potential 
causal factors. This time around, Twenge and her team make a point of saying that they are not trying to establish 
causes as such, but that they are assessing the plausibility of potential causes. 
[E]First, they explain that if a given variable is playing a role in affecting wellbeing, then we should expect any
change in that variable to correlate with the observed changes in wellbeing. If not, it is not plausible that the variable 
is a causal factor. So the researchers looked at time spent in a number of activities that could plausibly be driving the 
wellbeing decline. Less sport, and fewer meetings with peers correlated with lower wellbeing, as did less time 
reading print media(newspapers) and, surprisingly, less time doing homework .(This last finding would appear to 
contradict another popular hypothesis that it is our burdening of students with assignments that is causing all the 

----- PAGE 6 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（一） 
- 6 - 
problems.) In addition, more TV watching and more electronic communication both correlated with lower 
wellbeing. All these effects held true for measures of happiness, life satisfaction and self-esteem, with the effects 
stronger in the 8th and 10th-graders. 
[F] Next, Twenge's team dug a little deeper into the data on screen time. They found that adolescents who spent a
very small amount of time on digital devices—a couple of hours a week—had the highest wellbeing. Their 
wellbeing was even higher than those who never used such devices. However, higher doses of screen time were 
clearly associated with lower happiness. Those spending 10-19 hours per week on their devices were 41 percent 
more likely to be unhappy than lower-frequency users. Those who used such devices 40 hours a week or more(one 
in ten teenagers)were twice as likely to be unhappy. The data was slightly complicated by the fact that there was a 
tendency for kids who were social in the real world to also use more online communication, but by bracketing out 
different cases it became clear that the real-world sociality component correlated with greater wellbeing, whereas 
greater time on screens or online only correlated with poorer wellbeing. 
[G] So far, so plausible. But the next question is, are the drops in average wellbeing happening at the same time as
trends toward increased electronic device usage? It looks like it-after all, 2012 was the tipping point when more than 
half of Americans began owning smartphones. Twenge and her colleagues also found that across the key years of 
2013-16, wellbeing was indeed lowest in years where adolescents spent more time online, on social media, and 
reading news online, and when more youth in the United States had smartphones. And in a second analysis, they 
found that where technology went, dips in wellbeing followed. For instance, years with a larger increase in online 
usage were followed by years with lower wellbeing, rather than the other way around. This does not prove causality, 
but is consistent with it. Meanwhile, TV use did not show this tracking. TV might make you less happy, but this is 
not what seems to be driving the recent declines in young people's average happiness. 
[H] A similar but reversed pattern was found for the activities associated with greater wellbeing. For example, years
when people spent more time with friends were better years for wellbeing (and followed by better years). Sadly, the 
data also showed face-to-face socializing and sports activity had declined over the period covered by the survey. 
[I]There is another explanation that Twenge and her colleagues wanted to address: the impact of the the great
recession of 2007-2009, which hit a great number of American families and might be affecting adolescents. The 
dataset they used did not include economic data, so instead the researchers looked at whether the 2013-16 wellbeing 
decline was tracking economic indicators. They found some evidence that some crude measures, like income 
inequality, correlated with changes in wellbeing, but economic measures with a more direct impact, like family 
income and unemployment rates (which put families into difficulties), had no relationship with wellbeing. The 
researchers also note that the recession hit some years before we see the beginning of the wellbeing drop, and before 
the steepest wellbeing decline, which occurred in 2013. 
[J] The researchers conclude that electronic communication was the only adolescent activity that increased at the
same time psychological wellbeing declined. I suspect that some experts in the field will be keen to address 
alternative explanations, such as unassessed variables playing a role in the wellbeing decline. But the new work does 
go further than previous research and suggests that screen time should still be considered a potential barrier to young 
people's flourishing. 
36. The year when most Americans began using smartphones was identified as a turning point in young Americans' level
of happiness.
37. Scores in various wellbeing measures began to go downward among young Americans in recent years.
38. Unfortunately, activities involving direct contact with people, which contributed to better wellbeing, were found to
be on the decline.

----- PAGE 7 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（一） 
- 7 - 
39. In response to past critics, Twenge and her co-researchers stress they are not trying to prove that the use of digital
devices reduces young people's wellbeing.
40. In the last few decades of the 20th century, living standards went up and economic depressions were largely averted
in the US.
41. Contrary to popular belief, doing homework might add to students' wellbeing.
42. The author believes the researchers' new study has gone a step further regarding the impact of screen time on
wellbeing.
43. The researchers found that extended screen time makes young people less happy.
44. Data reveals that economic inequality rather than family income might affect people's wellbeing.
45.Too much screen time is widely believed to be the cause of unhappiness among today's young people.
“The dangerous thing about lying is people don't understand how the act changes us.” says Dan Ariely 
behavioural psychologist at Duke University. Psychologists have documented children lying as early as the age of 
two. Some experts even consider lying a developmental milestone, like crawling and walking, because it requires 
sophisticated planning, attention and the ability to see a situation from someone else’s perspective to manipulate 
then. But, for most people, lying gets limited as we develop a sense of morality and the ability to self-regulate. 
Harvard cognitive neuroscientist Joshua Greene says, for most of us, lying takes work. In studies, he gave 
subjects a chance to deceive for monetary gain while examining their brains in a functional MRI machine, which 
maps blood flow to active parts of the brain. Some people told the truth instantly and instinctively. But others opted 
to lie, and they showed increased activity in their frontal parietal (颅腔壁的) control network, which is involved in 
difficult or complex thinking. This suggests that they were deciding between truth and dishonesty – and ultimately 
opting for the letter. For a follow-up analysis, he found that people whose neural (神经的) reward centers were more 
active when they won money were also more likely to be among the group of liars – suggesting that lying may have 
to do with the inability to resist temptation. 
External conditions also matter in terms of when and how often we lie. We are more likely to lie, when we are 
able to rationalise it, when we are stressed and fatigued or see others being dishonest. And we are less likely to lie 
when we have moral reminders or when we think others are watching. “We as a society need to understand that, 
when we don’t punish lying, we increase the probability it will happen again.” Ariely says. 
In a 2016 study published in the journal Nature Neuroscience, Ariely and colleagues showed how dishonesty 
alters people’s brains, making it easier to tell ties in the future. When people uttered a falsehood, the scientists notice 
a burst of activity in their amygdala. The amygdala is crucial part of the brain that produces fear, anxiety and 
emotional responses— including that sinking, guilty feeling you get when you lie. But when scientists had their 
subjects play a game in which they won money by deceiving their partner, they noticed the negative signals from the 
amygdala began to decrease. Not only that, but when people faced no consequences for dishonesty, their falsehood 
tended to get even more sensational. This means that if you give people multiple opportunities to lie for their own 
benefit, they start with little lies which get bigger over time. 
46. Why do some experts consider lying a milestone in a child's development?
A. It shows they have the ability to view complex situations from different angles.
B.It indicates they have an ability more remarkable than crawling and walking.

----- PAGE 8 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（一） 
- 8 - 
C.It represents their ability to actively interact with people around them.
D.It involves the coordination of both their mental and physical abilities.
47. Why does the Harvard neuroscientist say that lying takes work?
A. It is hard to choose from several options.
B.It is difficult to sound natural or plausible.
C.It requires speedy blood flow into one’s brain.
D.It involves lots of sophisticated mental activity.
48. Under what circumstances do people tend to lie?
A.When they become too emotional.
B.When they face too much peer pressure.
C.When the temptation is too strong.
D.When the consequences are not imminent.
49. When are people less likely to lie?
A.When they are worn out and stressed.
B.When they are under watchful eyes.
C.When they think in a rational way
D.When they have a clear conscience.
50. What does the author say will happen when a liar does not get punished?
A.They may feel justified.
B.They will tell bigger lies.
C.They will become complacent.
D.They may mix lies and truths.
Here's how the Pacific Northwest is preparing for “The Big One". It's the mother of all disaster drills for what 
could be the worst disaster in American history. California has spent years preparing for "The Big One"—the 
inevitable earthquake that will undoubtedly unleash all kinds of havoc along the famous San Andreas fault (断层). 
But what if the fault that runs along the Pacific Northwest delivers a gigantic earthquake of its own? If the people of 
the Cascadia region have anything to do with it, they won't be caught unawares. 
The region is engaged in a multi-day earthquake-and-tsunami (海啸) drill involving around 20,000 people. The 
Cascadia Rising drill gives area residents and emergency responders a chance to practice what to do in case of a 9.0- 
magnitude earthquake and tsunami along one of the nation's dangerous—and underestimated—faults. 
The Cascadia Earthquake Zone is big enough to compete with San Andreas (it's been called the most dangerous 
fault in America), but it's much lesser known than its California cousin. Nearly 700 miles long, the earthquake zone 
is located by the North American Plate off the coast of Pacific British Columbia, Washington, Oregon and Northern 
California. 
Cascadia is what's known as a“megathrust" fault. Megathrusts are created in earthquake zones—land plate 
boundaries where two plates converge. In the areas where one plate is beneath another, stress builds up over time. 
During a megathrust event, all of that stress releases and some of the world's most powerful earthquakes occur. 
Remember the 9.1 earthquake and tsunami in the Indian Ocean off Sumatra in 2004? It was caused by megathrust 
event as the India plate moved beneath the Burma micro-plate. 
The last time a major earthquake occurred along the Cascadia fault was in 1700, so officials worry that another 
event could occur any time. To prevent that event from becoming a catastrophe, first responders will join members of 
the public in rehearsals that involve communication, evacuation, search and rescue, and other scenarios. 
Thousands of casualties are expected if a 9.0 earthquake were to occur. Fist, the earthquake would shake 
metropolitan areas including Seattle and Portland. This could trigger a tsunami that would create havoc along the 
coast. Not all casualties can necessarily be prevented—but by coordinating across local, state, and even national 
borders, officials hope that the worst-case scenario can be averted. On the exercise’s website, officials explain that 
the report they prepare during this rehearsal will inform disaster management for years to come. 
For hundreds of thousands of Cascadia residents. “The Big One” isn’t a question of if, only when. And it’s never 
too early to get ready for the inevitable. 

----- PAGE 9 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（一） 
- 9 - 
51. What does “The Big One" refer to?
A.A gigantic geological fault.
B.A large-scale exercise to prepare for disasters.
C.A massive natural catastrophe.
D.A huge tsunami on the Caledonia coast.
52.What is the purpose of the Cascadia Rising drill?
A.To prepare people for a major earthquake and tsunami.
B.To increase residents&#39; awareness of imminent disasters.
C.To teach people how to adapt to post-disaster life.
D.To cope with the aftermath of a possible earthquake.
53. What happens in case of a megathrust earthquake according to the passage?
A.Two plates merge into one.
B.A variety of forces converge.
C.Boundaries blur between plates.
D.Enormous stress is released.
54. What do the officials hope to achieve through the drills?
A.Coordinating various disaster-relief efforts.
B.Reducing casualties in the event of a disaster.
C.Minimizing property loss caused by disaster.
D.Establishing disaster and emergency management.
55. What does the author say about "The Big One”?
A.Whether it will occur remains to be seen.
B.How it will arrive is too early to predict.
C.Its occurrence is just a matter of time.
D.It keeps haunting Cascadia residents.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes) 
For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. 
荷花（lotus flower）是中国的名花之一，深受人们喜爱。中国许多地方的湖泊和池塘都适宜荷花生长。荷花
色彩鲜艳，夏日清晨绽放，夜晚闭合。花期长达两三个月，吸引来自各地的游客前往观赏。荷花具有多种功
能，既能绿化水面，又能美化庭园，还可净化水质、减少污染、改善环境。荷花迎骄阳而不惧，出污泥而不
染，象征纯洁、高雅，常常用来比喻人的高尚品德，历来是诗人画家创作的重要题材。荷花盛开的地方也是
许多摄影爱好者经常光顾之地。 
