
----- PAGE 1 -----
大学英语六级考试5 套标准模拟答案解析
The Key to Model Test One
P a r t^ J  Writing
参考范文
How to Be a Civilized Tourist?
In recent years, there have been numerous complaints from various travel destinations around the world about the
uncivilized behavior of Chinese tourists. Accordingly, how to be a civilized tourist has become the focus of public
concern.
In my view, traveling in a civilized way is the obligation of each citizen. First of all, each of us should consciously
abide by the public order and social ethics wherever we are. It's common sense that putting an end to such improper
behavior as spitting, littering, vandalizing, jaywalking and jumping a queue should be part of an individual's daily code
of conduct. Secondly, traveling can always cause culture shock, so it is important to be aware of the culture and beliefs
of our destination. Having cultural sensitivity and being equipped with necessary knowledge will ensure us to be a good
tourist. Last but not least, keep in mind that being a tourist also comes with personal responsibilities. Regardless of
where we go, it's our duty to act as an ambassador for our country and to leave a good impression on the locals.
In a word, civilized tourism starts from every individual!
Part 
Listening Comprehension
Section A
Conversatiori One^
M：
 Flu season is not easing its grip on much of the United States, and the outbreak is reaching levels not seen in nearly
a decade. (1)It has claimed the lives of at least 10 mor。children this week, putting that number at 63 foi the
season. Tens of thousands of deaths are often associated with the flu annually. Dr. Anne joins me now. So, how
widespread is the flu right now in this country?
W：
 This is a very difficult flu season. And this past week, we got more bad news. The doctor visits for flu are as high
this week as we have seen during the peak of the 2009 epidemic. We're not having an epidemic right now, but we
have a very, very difficult flu season.
M：
 Why is it so bad this year?
W：
 Well, there are a couple of reasons that we know of, and there are probably some more reasons that we need to
learn about. (2)Oee thing is it's an H3N2 influenza season. That's the virus that's dominating. There are a couple
of other viruses circulating. H3N2 seasons tend to be more severe. The other thing is that influenza vaccine doesn't
work as wall against H3N2 virus, so that's probably a second factor.
M：
 Are there particular parts of our population that are more vulnerable than others?
W：
 Anyone can get the flu, and it can be serious. (3)But the people who have a harder time with flu are the very old,
the very young, pregnant women, end people with heart disease, lung disease, and other medical conditions that
can make it harder for them to take OK a lung infection.
M：
 What is your recommendation then?
W：
 (4) We recommend that those groups in particular, if they present with flu symptoms, they can benefit from
六级1

----- PAGE 2 -----
antiviral medicines that may convert a relatively mild illness. That may prevent a milder illness from becoming a
hospitalization oc worse.
1. What can we learn about the flu in the US? 
A)
2. Why is the flu so bad this year according to the woman? 
B)
3. Who are more vulnerable to the flu according to the woman? 
D)
4. What does the woman suggest vulnerable people do when presenting with flu symptoms? 
A)
Conversation Two
M：
 Hello, Lucy. I heard that you are running classes for recruits for your company.
W：
 Yes. That is what troubles me these days.
M：
 Anything bad?
W：
 (5-1) I hate to say this but many graduates and school leavers nowadays lack thv mindset and skills requirid to
thrive in the workplace.
M：
 (5-2)1 can't agree more. There are also worries about the literacy and numeracy skills of young employees in my
corporation.
W ：
 Some of the graduates have trouble with attitudes and behaviour of self-management and determination and many
others lack customer awareness.
M：
 And my boss is especially unhappy with the literacy of our young applicants, whose numeracy isn't up to the
standard.
W：
 (6)That is why I am so busy with doing remedial training foi school or college leavers these days.
M：
 (7-1)I bet schools should make adjustments to meet th。needs of job markets and stretching academic standards
should not be the sole focus for them.
W：
 You can say that again. (7-2)A broader personal development should be more emphasized at schools.
M：
 Personal attitudes, aptitude, readiness to learn, effective communication skills and a sufficient capacity to cope
with numerical data are the key enablers. These qualities are badly needed in the workplace.
W ：
 Yes. Schools should take the responsibility to help young people develop as fully as possible in these areas.
M：
 Quality of teaching, learning and career inspiration defines the life chances of young people.
W ：
 (8)But with savage cuts to further education funding since 2009, it is unsurprising that businesses are struggling to
find enough skilled staff.
M：
 It is so sad to see this, but it is time we made some changes on campus which better reflect the importance of
“attitude and aptitude for work. " Otherwise, more recruit classes have to be set.
5. What can we learn about the young graduates these days? 
C)
6. What is the woman busy with these days? 
C)
7. What is the speakers5 suggestion for schools nowadays? 
C)
8. What makes it difficult for businesses to find enough skilled staff according to the woman? 
D)
Section B
G  Passage One
An increase in suicide rates among US teens occurred at the same time social media use surged. A new study
suggests there may be a link.
⑼Suicide rates for teens rose between 2010 and 2015 after they had declined for neaily two decades, according
to data from the federal Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Why the rates went up isn't known.
The study's authors looked at CDC suicide reports from 2009 to 2015 and results of two surveys given to US high
school students to measure attitudes, behaviour and interests. About half a million teens aged from 13 to 18 were
involved. They were asked about use of electronic devices, social media, print media, television and time spent with
friends. Questions about mood included frequency of feeling hopeless and considering or attempting suicide.
The researchers didn't examine circumstances surrounding individual suicides. (10)Dr. Christine Moutier said the
六级2

----- PAGE 3 -----
study provides weak evidence for a popular theory about social media's influence. She said many factors influence teen
suicide.
Nonetheless, the study highlighted interesting data about teens, their use of smartphones and social media, as well
as their mental health.
For example, the study showed that teens' use of electronic devices, including smartphones, for at least five hours
daily more than doubled. These teens were 70% more likely to have suicidal thoughts or actions than those who
reported one hour of daily use.
“We need to stop thinking of smartphones as harmless,
said study author Jean Twenge. ( l l ) Twenge said many
will say, “ 'Oh, teens are just communicating with their friends.' Monitoring kids' use of smartphones and social
media is important, and so is setting reasonable limits. ”
9. What can we learn about suicide rates for teens before 2010? 
A)
10. What did Christine Moutier say about the new study? 
D)
11. What did Jean Twenge say about smartphones and social media? 
D)
0  Passage Two
(12)Next month, several chain supermarkets in the UK will stop selling energy drinks to customers under 16.
Anyone looking to buy a soft drink with more than 150 milligram of caffeine per liter一a limit targeting drinks like
Monster and Red Bull一will need to present an ID.
The retailer Waitrose announced its new energy drink restrictions first in early January. Sainsbury's, Morrisons,
Lidl, Coop, Asda, Aldi and Tesco followed with their own bans on selling the drink to children, which will all roll out
at the beginning of March.
(13)And while a nationwide soda tax will go into effect in the UK in April, banning so-called "under 16s“ from
buying energy drinks is a voluntary measure that grocery stores have taken up this year.
It's probably a good idea to pause energy drink sales to children, says Jennifer Temple, a nutrition researcher at
the University of Buffalo.
(14)Small to moderate doses of caffeine haven't had a huge effect on kids in Temple's research, but she's not
enthusiastic about supplying children with energy drinks. A major aim of caffeine- preventing sleep- can interfere
with the rest kids need to grow, think and function. "There's no reason why kids need this caffeine,“ she says. "The
sleep effects alone are something that we should be mindful of. ”
(15)Researchers, teachers and those policy groups count the energy drink bans for kids in grocery stores as a
victory, but they're not a perfect, principle solution. The issue with it is that these products will still be bought in
convenience stores and other small stores.
12. What will some chain supermarkets in the UK do next month? 
A)
13. What do we know about the energy drink restrictions? 
B)
14. Why should children be banned to have energy drinks? 
D)
15. Why are the energy drink bans imperfect? 
C)
Section C
Recording One
Fear, anger, hate and sadness are four emotions that can affect how we think and how we act. When we are
under pressure一mental or physical—our emotions are even more difficult to control. (16) But what if there was a
quick and easy plan for dealing with your emotions every time you faced a stressful situation? Well, there may be such
a plan. And it involves a grammatical term：
 third person singular.
Jason Moser is a clinical psychologist and neuroscientist. He serves as an associate professor of psychology at
Michigan State University. (17) Moser says that talking to yourself in the third person seems to put a kind of
psychological distance between you and your emotions. He thinks this distance is all some people need to control how
they react to stress. And he thinks that distance from the self towards others gives people different perspectives. It
六级3

----- PAGE 4 -----
allows them to manage stress better. Talking to yourself in the third person is like giving yourself advice. Moser uses
himself in an example. He does not like flying, but he must fly often for his work. So, when he is feeling nervous or
afraid during a flight, he talks to himself—only silently. "And what I find myself doing, if I use third-person self-
talk, is that I then start kind of giving myself advice. I start saying, 6 Well, you know, Jason knows air travel is very
safe. And Jason5s been on thousands of flights before with no issue.? And so this little bit of psychological distance you
gain by using your own name- it's almost as if you're giving advice to somebody else even though it really does end up
being you you're giving advice to. " Moser admits that talking out loud to yourself could look and sound strange to other
people. So, he suggests using your brain and having that discussion inside your head. Thinking through that dialogue
enables you to use this strategy anytime, anywhere.
(18) Moser's research came from his desire as a mental health expert to help patients. Moser felt helpless when his
patients were unable to use strategies he would suggest to them. He wanted to find a method that people could easily
use to control their emotions. Moser says that simply telling people suffering from depression to think differently is not
enough. Brain imaging tests show that it takes great effort for these people to change their way of thinking. And so,
he is always looking for something that's easier and quicker for people to do in the moment.
16. What is the speaker talking about? 
D)
17. How does talking to yourself in the third person help control your reaction to stress? 
C)
18. What drove Moser to do the research? 
B)
Recording Two
Research subjects who have lived with limited human contact since January recently completed an experiment.
(19)The six, four men and two women, lived near the top of a volcano on the Pacific island of Hawaii. They agreed
to stay in a small, restricted area as part of a study to learn about the mental and emotional effects of a long-term
space mission. The subjects lived and acted much like astronauts would on an eight-month long visit to the planet
Mars. (20) Individuals who ace able to deal with long-term spoce travel need to have special qualities or traits. They
need to be able to deal well with isolation and pressure for up to three years on a trip that would take them far from
Earth.
During the experiment, the subjects wore space suits like those worn by astronauts and travelled in teams
whenever leaving their living structure. The kinds of foods available to the subjects were limited. They ate mostly
freeze-dried or canned food during the experiment. All communications between the “crew m em bersand outsiders
were given a 20-minute delay, increasing the sense of isolation. (21)Twenty minutes is the time it takes a radio signal
to travel from Mars to Earth.
In the experiment, researchers used games to study human behaviour. The crew members played games designed
to measure their ability to work together. Games also helped measure their ability to deal with pressure or stress. The
crew members also kept documentation of how they were feeling. In addition to activities, members of the team wore
sensors that measured voice levels and how near they were to others in the living space. Kim Binsted, a professor at
the University of Hawaii, was one of the lead investigators in the study. She said the sensors could record if people
were avoiding one another or if they were close to each other in an argument. "We've learned, for one thing, that
conflict, even in the best of teams, is going to arise,“ Binsted said. "So what's really important is to have a crew that,
both as individuals and a group, is able to look at that conflict and come back from it. ”
Other countries have performed studies on the effects of long-term space flight. (22)The researchers in Hawaii,
however, say their project provides an environment most like Mars. The area on Mauna Loa is covered with hard, red
volcanic rock. The crew members were required to carry out studies of the rocky surface, make maps and care for
their habitat.
19. How many subjects did the experiment include? 
C)
20. What special qualities should an individual have to travel in space? 
A)
21. Why were the subjects given a 20-minute delay in their communications with outsiders? 
A)
22. What is the difference between the experiment in Hawaii and those in other countries? 
D)
六级4

----- PAGE 5 -----
。
Recording Three
Having success and being able to meet one's goals requires knowledge, a sense of direction, hard work and
resources. Some people might add to that list luck, connections and perhaps a strong belief in yourself. We accomplish
our goals one step at a time, doing a little each day. So, using your day effectively is important. On many websites
experts share advice on how to achieve your career and life goals. (23)Most of the experts agree on one thing：
 Starting
your day on the right foot is most important. Collected from these websites, here are four ideas on how to start your
day off right.
First, get up an hour early. (24) Some studies show that our willpower and attention span oue strongest in the
morning. In fact, the morning may be the most productive part of your day. In American English, we like to say,
“The early bird gets the worm. " This expression means that people who rise early have a head start and, therefore,
are more likely to succeed. Of course, there are exceptions. People who are “night owls” do their best work and their
best thinking at night.
Second, drink a glass of water with lemon juice. Health experts say that drinking a combination of lemon juice
and water first in the morning jump-starts the body's metabolism. Not only does it jump-start your body's cells, but this
kind of drink keeps them moving throughout the day.
Third, exercise. Some people may disagree with this one. Physical fitness experts and trainers often suggest some
form of exercise in the morning because the middle of the day is a busy time for most people. By the day's end, you
may not have the time or energy to exercise. How many times have you finished work and said to yourself, "I'm too
tired to exercise! Fil do it tomorrow.,,
Fourth, think about your day at night. And spend a little time to think about tomorrow. Some people who talk
about u living in the present” may criticize this. (25) But it may help you to prepare if you take a few minutes to think
about what you need to do the next day. You probably won't have time to do everything you planned. But that's fine.
If you did one thing, that means you are one step closer in reaching one of your goals.
23. Which is the most important thing for achieving your goals according to most experts? 
A)
24. Why is morning the most productive part of a day for most people? 
C)
25. Why should we spend a little time in thinking about tomorrow? 
D)
26. K）【精析】动词辨析题。空格位于主语从句中，it是
形式主语，从句的主语是动名词短语handling a
market shift or legislative logjam ,宾语是
cognitive oomph，因此该从句缺少谓语动词，根
据上下文时态可知,空格处应填入动词第三人称
单数形式。文章开篇提到了智力对领导者的重
要性,随后举例说明，指出应对市场变化或法律
僵局都 
认知活力。备选动词中只有
highlights和requires符合语法要求，但是
highlights "使……突出，强调”与此处语义不符，
故空格处应填入requires"要求"。
27. I）【精析】名词辨析题。空格位于a certain之后，
故应填入单数名词构成名词短语作介词a t 的宾
语。上文提到智力对领导者十分重要，但本句中
作者又提出，在一定_______ 上,更高智商会变
得无益处且具有伤害性。备选名词中，只有
point和stage符合语法要求，但stage"阶段"在
此不符合句意，故空格处应填入point, at a
certain point意为"在一定程度上“。
28. J）【精析】形容词辨析题。空格位于名词research
之前，故应填入形容词作定语。空格所在的从句
提到, 研究表明更聪明的领导者所率领
的团队按客观评价表现更好，而之后的主句提
至I」,有研究表明智商极高的领导者并不一定能有
效执行领导职能。连词although表明两个分句
之间是转折关系，由此可知从句中涉及的研究应
该是以前的研究，故空格处应填入previous"以
前的”。
六级5

----- PAGE 6 -----
29. N）【精析】副词辨析题。空格位于情态动词might
和动词view之间，且句中并不缺失主要成分，故
应填入副词作状语。上文提到，以前的研究是通
过客观评价进行的，而两个分句之间是转折关
系，故智商极高的领导者并不一定能有效执行领
导职能应该是下属的主观看法，因此空格处应填
入subjectively"主观地"，与前面的客观评价形成
对比。
30. C）【精析】形容词辨析题。空格位于系动词be和程
度副词more之后，故应填入形容词作表语。根
据上下文可知，高智商领导者的指令可能会让下
属难以理解，同时他们的方案也可能会更加
而难以执行，那么下属更会觉得对这些
领导难以认同。空格处所填的形容词应表示“复
杂，困难”的意思，故应填入complicated "复杂
的”。
31. B）【精析】名词辨析题。空格位于多个名词短语的
并列结构之中，空格前是形容词other,故应填入
名词。空格所在句指出，智商在一定程度上与领
导效率、策略形成、眼界以及其他一些_
的评级呈正相关。作者所举例子都是领导者的
一些特质，故空格处应填入characteristics“特
点，特征”。
32. E）【精析】动词辨析题。空格位于主语ratings之
后，句中缺少谓语动词和宾语，且上文均为过去
时态，故应填入不及物动词过去式作谓语。根据
上文可知，领导者不是智商越高越好，超过一定
程度，领导效果就会下降，故空格处应填入
declined “下降”。
33. G）【精析】动词辨析题。空格位于表语从句中主语
i t 和宾语a need之间，故此处缺少谓语,且根据
主句时态可知，应填入动词第三人称单数形式。
根据句意可知，研究者建议，正确解读这一研究
发现需要理解高智商领导者究竟做了什么让下
属不易理解的事情。由此推断，这是研究所强调
的重点，故空格处应填入highlights "使.... 突
出，强调”。
34. H）【精析】动词辨析题。空格位于并列连词and之
后，而and前是动词persuade,故此处也应填入
动词原形作并列谓语。根据句意可知，领导者应
该运用智慧产生有创造性的比喻，说服和
其他人。可见，空格处应该填入表示积
极意义的动词，且其含义与persuade接近，故应
填入inspire“鼓舞，激励”。
35. A）【精析】副词辨析题。空格位于动宾结构signal
their intelligence之后，且句中不缺失主要成分,
故应填入副词作状语。上文提到，研究者建议,
正确解读这一研究发现需要理解高智商领导者
做了什么让下属不易理解的事情，可见此处是说
明领导者应该如何恰当地表现自己的聪明才智，
故空格处应填入appropriately“恰当地”。
Section B
★答案解析十
36 . 【译文】人们强调要在学术界高层做出改变，以缩小
科学界的性别差距。
【定位】由题干中的changes和academia定位到原文
E）段第一句。
E）【精析】同义转述题。定位句提到，许多专家认为导
致这一趋势（指上一段所说的女性科研人员在职业早
期脱离学术界的情况）的一个重大因素在于学术界高
层缺少榜样，而学术界的高层改变起来十分缓慢。题
干中的 in the senior sectors of academia 是对原文中
in the upper divisions of academia 的同义转述，故选
E）。
37 . 【译文】很多大学采用了对家庭有利的政策，以帮助
女性科学家摆脱家庭与事业之间两难的窘境。
【定位】由题干中的family-friendly policies定位到原
文H）段第一句。
H）【精析】同义转述题。定位句提到，为了应对这些问
题（指上段提到的家庭与事业的矛盾），很多大学推出
了一些对家庭有利的政策。题干中的have adopted
family-friendly policies 是对原文中 have taken steps
to establish family-friendly policies 的同义转述，故选
H）。
38 . 【译文】科研经费方面的性别差距相对较小。
【定位】由题干中的grants和slight定位到原文
L）段。
L）【精析】细节归纳题。L）段通过几个例子表明在获取
科研经费方面，性别差异表现得不是十分明显，女性
科学家甚至在某些领域还稍有优势。题干是对全段
内容的概括，故选L）。
39 . 【译文】在20 世纪70 年代早期，学习科学的女学生
遭到如今无法想象的公然歧视。
【定位】由题干中的 the early 1970s、declared sexism
和 unimaginable nowadays 定位到原文 B）段。
B）【精析】同义转述题。B）段提到了 20世纪70年代早
期发生的一个事例，即一位教授公然歧视女学生，而
六级6

----- PAGE 7 -----
这种情况在如今是不可想象的。题干中的declared
sexism that is unimaginable nowadays 是对原文中
such blatant sexism is almost unthinkable today 的同
义转述，故选B）。
40 . 【译文】耶鲁大学的一项研究显示，即使在女性教职
员工中也存在对女学生无意识的性别歧视。
【定位】由题干中的Yale University和unconscious
prejudice against female students 定位至!j原文 I）段第
一句。
I）【精析】同义转述题。D 段提到，耶鲁大学的研究人
员认为性别歧视依然是个很重要的问题，他们在去年
的一项实验中发现,科学系的教职员工,无论男女,都
对女性展现出无意识的性别歧视。题干中的
prejudice和原文中的biases是同义词,题干是对定位
句的同义转述，故选Do
41 . 【译文】虽然已取得了相当大的进步，但仍然需要做
出努力争取女性在科学界的平等权利。
【定位】由题干中的considerable progress和women
in the scientific community 定位到原文 C）段第
一句。
C）【精析】同义转述题。定位句提到，虽然女性在缩小
科学界性别差距方面已经取得了巨大进展，但全球的
女性科学家仍面临诸多挑战。由此可推断，为争取平
等权益，仍需要继续努力。题干中的considerable
progress是对原文中great gains的同义转述，故选C）。
42 . 【译文】女性科学家在薪水方面受到不平等对待的现
象在美国和欧盟国家都存在。
【定位】由题干中的unequal pay,the United States和
EU countries定位到原文N）段前三句。
N）【精析】同义转述题。定位句提到，不平等问题也延
伸到收入方面。在欧盟国家，2006年公共部门的女
性科学家的平均收入比男性科学家少25%至40% 而
在美国的物理学和天文学领域,这种收入不平等的现
象尤其明显，这些领域女性的收入比男性少4 0 % 题
干中的 the phenomenon of unequal pay for female
scientists exists 是对原文中“The inequalities also
extend to salaries.”的同义转述，故选 N） o
43 . 【译文】相当大一部分女性在早期阶段就放弃了她们
的科研工作，这是有问题的。
【定位】由题干中的 a considerable proportion of 和
in the initial phase定位到原文D）段第一句。
D）【精析】同义转述题。D）段提到，其中一个最持久的
问题是:很多合格的女性在从事科学事业早期就离开
了该领域，而这一数据（与男性相比）是不成比例的。
题干中的problematic和give u p 分别是对原文中
problems和drop out o f 的同义转述，故选D）。
44 . 【译文】即便女性科学家表现比男性竞争者好，也很
难获得同等的职业发展机会。
【定位】由题干中的 perform better than、male rivals
和hardly定位到原文K）段。
K）【精析】同义转述题。K）段第二句提到，一些衡量数
据显示，女性科学家在其职业早期的表现优于男性竞
争者。该段最后一句继续指出，即使在任职评估时与
男性旗鼓相当，但在很多学科中，女性副教授获得任
期续签的机会依然比男性低。题干中的perform
better th an 是原文中outperforming的同义转述；
hardly 
obtain 
equal 
career 
development
opportunities 是对原文中 seemed less likely to reach
tenure consideration compared with men 的同义转
述，故选K）。
45 . 【译文】与男性同行相比，女性科学工作者更有可能
在成为父母或计划怀孕时放弃其研究事业。
【定位】由题干中的 give up their research careers 和
become parents定位到原文G）段第二句。
G）【精析】同义转述题。定位句提到，成为人母或计划
要孩子的女性博士后放弃科研工作的人数要比同等
情况下的男性多出一1倍,可见女性比男性更容易放弃
自己的科研事业。题干中的give up their research
careers 是对原文中 abandon research careers 的同义
转述，题干中的 become parents or plan to get
pregnant 是对原文中 become parents or plan to have
children的同义转述，故选G）。
Section C
曝 Passage One
★答案解析十
46 . 【定位】由题干中的 the girl called "Xach'itee'aanenh
T'eede Gaay”定位到原文第二段。
C）【精析】推理判断题。本题考查对卡奇娓安妮• 娓
狄•戈伊相关信息的理解。由第二段最后两句可知，
这个女孩属于一个名为“古白令人”的古代种群，而这
个种群之所以叫这个名称是因为他们居住的地方叫
白令，故C）为答案。
47 . 【定位】由题干中的Ben Potter和exciting new
puzzles定位到原文第四段和第五段最后一句。
B）【精析】语义理解题。本题考查对波特所说的话的具
体内涵的理解。第四段最后两句指出，卡奇娓安妮•
娓狄• 戈伊的基因说明她属于美洲印第安人,可又不
六级7

----- PAGE 8 -----
属于两个主要的现代美洲印第安人种群中的任何一
个;第五段最后一句说,谜题依然存在，包括有关一些
种群的分裂是何时何地发生的以及他们采用的是哪
些迁移路线的问题的确切答案。由此可知，波特所说
的谜题之一就是卡奇娓安妮• 娓狄• 戈伊的种群究
竟是如何从主流群体中分离出来的，故答案为B）。
48 . 【定位】由题干中的the two possible migration
models定位到原文第六段第二句。
A）【精析】推理判断题。本题考查对研究人员提出的两
种迁徙模式的理解。由定位句可知，波特倾向于第一
种模式，原因是它与考古学和古生态学的数据切合得
比较好。由此推断，第一种模式的研究数据更充足，
故A）为答案。
49 . 【定位】由题干中的a murder mystery定位到原文最
后一段。
A）【精析】事实细节题。本题考查对研究人员将人类学
谜题与悬疑故事进行类比的理解。最后一段指出，阅
读悬疑故事时，作者会在故事的发展进程中透露新的
线索,而人类学的这种研究，也是在每次有新的基因
组被分析和报告出来时提供新的线索,使得通往真相
的道路越来越清晰。可见，两者的相似之处在于接近
真相的方式，故答案为A）o
50 . 【定位】本题解答须综合全文信息。
D）【精析】主旨大意题。本文开篇就指出针对美洲最初
如何开始人口繁衍出现了新线索,而这个新线索说明
了什么呢？随后的第二、三段给出了具体说明，提出
了美洲印第安人族谱存在一个从前不为人知的分支,
第四段至文末也是围绕这个新分支浮出水面后提出
的一些论题展开的，可知文章的核心主题就是介绍美
洲印第安种群族谱出现了新分支，故D ）为答案。
★全文翻译十
大约11 500年前死于阿拉斯加中部的一个六周大的婴儿目前为美洲最初如何开始人口繁衍提供了线索。
这名被当地土著群体命名为“卡奇娓安妮•娓狄• 戈伊”（“日出女婴”）的女孩的遗骸所提供的基因数据总体上支
持了科学家们长期以来所论证的人口迁移模式，同时也揭示了一个过去不为科学界所知的古代种群的存在。（46）这个
女孩属于一个古代的种群，报告的作者将这个种群命名为“古白令人”。白令这一名称指的是阿拉斯加、东西伯利亚以
及上一个冰河时期有时连接这两部分的大陆桥。
该研究发现提出了一个修正版的族谱:一个单一的古美洲印第安种群在大约35 000年前从东亚种群中分离出来，
之后于大约20 000年前再次分裂为两个截然不同的种群。其中一个就是古白令人；另一个是现代美洲印第安人的祖
先，这个种群随后又在大约15 700年前分裂为南北两个分支。
“在试图将这些发现与我们在考古学和古生态学领域了解到的情况相结合的过程中呈现出了令人兴奋的新谜题,”
阿拉斯加大学人类学家本• 波特说。“人口分布现在看来比我们之前想的要更加复杂。" （4看1）科学家们曾在上一个冰
河时期末的白令地区寻找过人类遗骸，但是卡奇娓安妮• 娓狄• 戈伊的基因令人惊奇：它很明显是美洲印第安人，但是
却不属于两个主要的现代美洲印第安人种群中的任何一个。这表明它是从共同祖先中分化出来的另一个种群。
所有这些都有助于将范围缩小并为这些种群是如何到达美洲的理论提供更有力的证据。（47-2）但是谜题依然存
在，包括有关一些种群的分裂是何时何地发生的以及他们采用的是哪些迁移路线的问题的确切答案。
研究人员描述了两种可能模式。（48）其中一种情况是波特博士所倾向的，因为它较好地切合了考古学和古生态学
的数据，据此理论，分裂发生在亚洲东北部地区，这两个独立的种群后来在早于15 700年前的时候越过了大陆桥，此时
美洲印第安人的祖先再次分裂。在另一个理论中，这个原始种群早在20 000年前就已经到达阿拉斯加或东白令地区，
分裂就是在那里发生的，而第二次分裂为南北两支美洲种群则发生在冰原的南部。古白令人到底发生了什么？波特
说,他们可能已经灭绝了，或者他们可能已经融入了迁回遥远的北方的北部美洲印第安人种群。
（49）研究人员将这个谜题比作一个悬疑故事。“你阅读这本书，作者在故事的发展进程中透露新的线索。每次有
新的基因组被分析和报告出来，它都会提供新的线索，使得通往真相的道路越来越清晰
Passage Two
★答案解析十
51 . 【定位】由题干中的人名关键词David Deutsch定位
到原文第一段最后三句。
©
【精析】推理判断题。本题考查对戴维• 多伊奇的观
点的理解。由定位句可知，戴维•多伊奇认为科学是
无极限的,所有值得理解的事情都终将会被弄清楚，
而意识就是这样值得弄清楚的谜题，可见他认为意识
这一谜题是会被弄清楚的，故C）为答案。
52 . 【定位】由题干中的hit the buffers定位到原文第二
段最后一句和第三段前三句。
B）【精析】事实细节题。本题考查科学“进入缓冲区”的
原因。第三段前三句提到了两个可能的原因，第一个
是我们已经将一些领域理清并理解,达到了言尽于此
六级8

----- PAGE 9 -----
的地步,而第二个原因是人类将会到达大脑认知的极
限，故答案为B )。
53 . 【定位】由题干中的the riddle of consciousness 定位
到原文第三段最后一句和第四段第一句。
D ) 【精析】事实细节题。本题考查作者对意识之谜的看
法。第四段第一句说，意识之谜是人类之谜的提喻,
而对这句话的理解要上溯到上一段最后一句。作者
指出，复杂的原子集合体，无论是我们的大脑还是电
子仪器，根本无法完全了解它们自身。可知,人类意
识是人类认知中最难以解答的谜题，故答案为D )。
54 . 【定位】由题干提示定位到原文第五段最后三句。
D ) 【精析】语义理解题。定位句指出，人类太变化无常，
太富有创造力，而科学本身也在不断地改变人类，人
类就是一个处于持续创作中的作品。也就是说，人类
是不断发展变化的，故答案为D )。
55 . 【定位】由题干中的author和Deutsch's point of
view定位到原文最后一段。
A ) 【精析】观点态度题。本题考查作者对多伊奇观点的
看法。在定位段中作者指出，多伊奇的看法有错也有
对，错在他认为科学可以解决每一个谜题，对在他认
识到科学的潜力是无限的。可见，作者认为多伊奇的
观点有些是可以接受的，故答案为A )。
★
全
文
翻
译
十
科学是无限的吗？它是否能永远持续带给我们对世界的深刻认识？抑或是它已经遇到极限？ (51)物理学家戴
维・多伊奇在其2011年出版的著作《无穷的开始》中提出了科学无极限的看法。当我问他有关意识的问题时，他回答
说:“我认为没有什么值得理解的事情会永远是个谜题。而意识问题似乎很明显是值得弄清楚的。”
我刚刚在瑞士参加了一个主题为“人类意识的奥秘”的会议。会议上，另一位英国知名物理学家马丁 • 利兹质疑了
多伊奇的乐观主义观点。在其论文中，利兹称《无穷的开始》“具有煽动性，十分出色”，但是不同意多伊奇科学无极限的
核心观点。(52-1)科学“将会在某一时刻进入缓冲区，”利兹警告说。
(52-2)可能发生这种情况的原因有两个。乐观一点的原因是我们已经将一些领域(例如原子物理学)理清并理解,
达到了言尽于此的地步。而另一个更令人担忧的可能性就是我们将会到达人类大脑认知的极限。可能有一些概念对
完全理解物理现实至关重要。试图弄清楚一些极其复杂的系统，例如我们自己的大脑，可能首先就会遇到这样的极限。
(53-1)或许复杂的原子集合体，无论是我们的大脑还是电子仪器，根本无法完全了解它们自身。
(53-2)意识之谜是人类之谜的提喻。我们到底是什么？在大多数历史时期，宗教给了我们答案。大多数现代科学
家反对这些宗教解释，但是他们也无法对其他解释达成一致。对于我们究竟是什么这一问题他们提出了各种令人费解
的答案。
科学无法最终消除这些分歧并统一到一个单一、真实的理论来解答我们是什么的问题，原因有二。其一是我们将
永远无法拥有一个“意识测量仪”，它是一种衡量非人类事物的意识的客观手段。(54)另一个原因是我们太变化无常,
太富有创造力，以至于难以用单一的理论来描述。科学本身也在用诸如脑移植、基因疗法等各种不同的技术以及酷儿
理论和信息集成理论寿各种思想不断地改变着我们。人类就是一个处于持续创作中的作品。
多伊奇声称科学无极限,其核心内容也存在着矛盾。他希望科学能解决诸如意识这种最深刻的谜题，但永远有更
多的谜题需要解答。那是一个对自然结构的激进断言，在我看来，它所反映出的是一厢情愿，而不是冷静的现实主义。
(55)多伊奇的断言有错也有对。错在他认为科学可以解决每一个谜题，特别是意识问题。我们永远无法彻底地理
解我们究竟是谁。但对在他认识到科学的潜力是无限的，如果无限指的是永无止境。正是由于我们不可能达到完全的
自 我认知，所以才会永不休止地追寻下去。
. Part
Translation
There are two ways to drink Chinese tea：
 big bowls of tea give people a casual feeling and gongfu tea makes
people experience the tea ceremony. Gongfu tea is a skill of making tea with traditional cultural features rather than a
kind of tea or the name of tea, which was viewed as the elixir of immortality in ancient China. People call it gongfu
tea for the reason that its brewing process requires strict attention to the teapot, tea leaves, water quality, and even
how to make the tea, how to pour and how to drink the tea. Oolong tea is mainly used in serving gongfu tea because it
can meet the requirements of the color, aroma and taste of the tea.
六级9

----- PAGE 10 -----
The Key to Model Test Two
9 Part 
Writing
参考范文
My View on Square Dancing
As a positive way to maintain physical fitness, square dancing has become increasingly popular in China. But
unfortunately, it has also provoked a national controversy because of the din it creates.
As for me, square dancing is indeed a good way of keeping fit, but there is no denying that to some extent, it has
the negative influence of disturbing other residents and occupying public space. Accordingly, in view of these facts,
we can do a lot to resolve the conflict. First, local governments should make rules to regulate square dancing by
designating specific areas for dancers and setting noise limits. Second, extensive publicity of putting oneself in others5
shoes should be made. Whatever the choice of entertainment is, it is vital not to affect other people's lives, and square
dancing is no exception. Third, senior citizens5 frantic love for square dancing also reflects their lack of recreational
activities and their desire for companionship. Therefore, each individual should show more concern for our elders and
accompany them more often to enrich their spiritual life.
In conclusion, I am convinced that with our joint efforts, China's square dancers will dance in the right direction.
Parti j l  Listening Comprehension
Section A
Conversation One
M：
 Good morning. Welcome to Bank of the USA. How may I help you today?
W：
 (1-1)Hi, I need to transfer some money to another account. It?s urgent.
M：
 OK. Have you made a wire transfer at our bank before?
W：
 No. I've never made a transfer before.
M：
 [t's alright. I will take you through the procedure. (1-2)Are you transferring funds to a company or an individual
account?
W：
 (1-3)A company account. I need to pay a bill.
M：
 OK. ril need the name of the company and their bank routing number as well as their bank's address and phone
number.
W：
 I have all the information in this folder.
M：
 Well, you've come prepared. (2 )1 have all the necessary materials, so we can go ahead avd make the transfer
right now. It's a simple transaction, and we can process it today.
W：
 Oh, that's such a relief. I don't want the payment to be overdue. Thank you so much.
M：
 It's my pleasure. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
W：
 One more thing. I would like to withdraw my money and close my personal account now.
M：
 May I see your passbook?
W：
 Here you are.
M：
 (3-1)This is a sizable sum. Is there any reason you are closing your account with us?
W：
 I will be leaving the city soon, so I have no need for this account.
M：
 I see. (3-2)Well, for this amount I will have to get my manager's approval.
W ：
 No problem. I'll wait over there.
M：
 Thank you. This should only be a few minutes. If you would like, there is coffee by those sofas over there.
六级10

----- PAGE 11 -----
W：
 No, thanks. (4)Coffee makes me wired and I will be nervous enough carrying all that cash.
M：
 Our bank also offers customers security service. We will send a guard to accompany you to your destination if
necessary.
W：
 Well, that is some consolation.
1. Why does the woman come to the bank? 
C)
2. When can they make the transaction? 
B)
3. Why does the man have to get his manager's approval to close the woman's account? 
A)
4. How does the woman feel after drinking coffee? 
B)
Conversation Two
W：
 Today we have Daniel Leviton with us to share his opinion on confidence. Daniel is an author, neuroscientist,
doctor, and teacher. Welcome!
M：
 Thank you. Today, I would like to tell you that having confidence will help you a lot, ⑸but being over-confident
will lead you to something bnd. Like this Mark Twain quote：
 "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into
trouble. It's what you know for sure that just isn't so. "
W：
 What does that mean?
M：
 I will give you an example in the medical field. If you're sure that an alternative treatment will help cure you better
than Western medicine, you will abandon the traditional treatment. Two thirds of cancer patients think that
alternative medicine will prolong their lives.
W ：
 Then what is the result of this?
M：
 (6)In fact, patients who turn to an alternative treatment arn twice as likely to die of their cancers, and they die
earlier.
W：
 That is because if you5re sure that your choice of something is right, you5re not gonna be open-minded about any
new evidence that might come in that could or should cause you to change your mind. Am I right?
M：
 You are totally right. In addition to being a doctor, I'm a college professor as well, and I train PhD students for
careers as neuroscientists. (7) They come into my laboratory full of confidence. They have been at the top of
every class in their entire lives. I spend most of my time trying to teach them that they don't know everything they
think they do. My job as a teacher really is to unteach them.
W ：
 But how can you unteach students when your job is to teach them?
M：
 rm  always asking, why do you think that? What's the evidence? (8) Knowledge can only be created in an
environment where we're open to the possibility that we're wrong. I think that all of us should be capable of this
kind of critical thinking.
W：
 A great lesson for all of us.
5. What are the speakers mainly talking about? 
C)
6. What does the man say about patients who turn to an alternative treatment? 
A)
7. What does the man say about his students? 
B)
8. What can we learn from the end of the conversation? 
C)
Section B
Passage One
(9Participants in Girls on Rock get to explore forests, hike mountains and sleep under the stars. But that is only
part of the experience the young women seek in the free Colorado-based educational program. The program also
provides them the chance to carry out field research with actual scientists. Girls on Rock is part of the organization
Inspiring Girls Expeditions. The group supports similar programs in the American states of Alaska and Washington,
and in the countries of Canada and Switzerland.
(10) In late July, a team of nine girls aid five instructois launched the first Girls on Rock trip. The group spent 12
days in the Gore Mountains near Frisco, Colorado. Each girl took turns climbing a wall of rock. After climbing, the
girls took a hike. During the hike, they stopped for a lesson on map reading. They also learned how to find their
position on Earth using nothing but a thin rope and information about their current elevation. The young women had
六级n

----- PAGE 12 -----
several reasons for wanting to enter the program. They wanted to meet new people, be involved in science during the
summer break and face fears. They were surprised by how quickly they made friends as they learned how to trust
themselves and others. (11) Girls on Rock does not consider academic performance when choosing participants.
Instead, interested girls are asked to explain in writing why they want to participate in the program.
9. What can we learn about the program Girls on Rock? 
C)
10. How many people were involved in the first Girls on Rock trip? 
D)
11. What can we learn about Girls on Rock from the end of the talk? 
B)
Passage Two
(12)Lionfish are known for their beauty and unusual look. But lionfish are also poisonous, with extremely 10ng
and separated spines to cany and shoot poison. The native environment for lionfish includes the South Pacific and
Indian Ocean. However, sea experts say lionfish were at some time released into the Atlantic Ocean, likely by people
who had kept them in tanks. (13)Lionfish are currently considered a great threat to coral reefs and related sea life io
coastal waters of the southeastern United States and Caribbean. Scientists say the fish is a top predator that competes
for food and space with native fish in the area.
Now there is a new solution for fighting back. University researchers are developing an underwater robot to hunt
down, kill and collect lionfish. (14)A student-led teem at Worcester Polytechnic Institute in Massachusetts developed
the robot. The team recently demonstrated the device and is continuing to test and make changes to it. The team says
that the robot is designed to recognize the lionfish, chase it and shoot the animal with a spear, which then separates
from the robot and floats the fish to the surface for collection. Craig Putnam is a computer science professor at
Worcester Polytechnic Institute and a director of the school's Robotics Engineering Program. He says the robot was
built to simplify the process of hunting down and collecting this aggressive fish. (15) Putnam said his team trained the
robot system by showing it thousands of images of lionfish in different colours, from many directions and under
different lighting conditions. The robot can correctly identify lionfish about 95% of the time, he added.
12. What does the speaker say about lionfish? 
B)
13. What are lionfish doing to the Atlantic Ocean? 
A)
14. What can we learn about the team that developed the robot? 
D)
15. How did the team train the robot system to hunt down the lionfish? 
C)
Section C
Recording One
(16)The non-governmental environmental group Greenpeace reports that plastic and chemical pollution is often
found in snow and seawater collected by researchers in Antarctica. Greenpeace said its scientists gathered water and
snow samples from Antarctica during a visit between January to March of this year. Laboratory tests confirmed the
effect of humanity on the continent. "It was about one microplastic piece at least per liter. When you think of
extrapolating that out to the scale or the Antarctic Ocean, it's really, really significant,
said Greenpeace's Louisa
Casson. She noted that, in the past, scientists thought the currents around the Antarctic Ocean might protect it from
plastic pollution found in much of the world's oceans. But now, she said, evidence is increasingly showing that there
might be little, if any, protection.
Microplastics are extremely small particles of plastic. They come from the breakdown of bottles and other plastic
waste in the world's oceans. In addition to microplastics, the Greenpeace study also confirmed the presence of
chemicals widely used in industrial processes. (17) The United Nations estimates that 8 million tons of plastic are
dropped into the oceans every year. Plastic has been shown to harm wildlife. An example of this happened several
days ago in southern Thailand. That was when a pilot whale died after swallowing 80 pieces of plastic waste. Tests
showed the waste weighed about eight kilograms. International concern about plastic pollution is rising. (18)In India,
Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently promised to ban all single-use plastic by 2022. In the city of Mumbai,
Bollywood movie stars have been taking part in waste clean-up activities at Versova beach. Actress Abigail Pande told
reporters she was surprised at the amount of waste she found. "I am having fun cleaning this place. But it is also very
sad because once I came here, I got to know that the amount of waste is so high that if you dig the ground four feet,
六级12

----- PAGE 13 -----
you will still find plastic inside. And it will take years to properly clean the beach,“ Pande said. Plastic has now been
found in every corner of the world's oceans, from the bottom of the Pacific Mariana Trench to Antarctica. In
October, world governments will decide on a European Union proposal to create an Antarctic Ocean sanctuary. At 1. 8
million square kilometers, the sanctuary would be the largest protected area on Earth.
16. What can we learn about the group Greenpeace? 
C)
17. How many plastics are dropped into the oceans every year according to the United Nations? 
B)
18. What will India do to reduce plastic pollution according to Prime Minister Narendra Modi? 
A)
Recording 'h/vo
Major world automakers have already invested heavily in electric vehicles and related technology- and they are
committed to keep doing so. Some have even promised to stop producing vehicles that run only on gas or diesel fuel in
the future. (19) The changes to the auto industry demonstrate the growing number of buyers willing to spend more
money on environmentally friendly cars. (20)But one of the main issues with the technology is that drivers need to
charge the batteries often to be able to travel longer distances. The batteries themselves can also greatly increase the
price of the vehicles. They can also be very costly to replace. Now, a new technology is being developed and tested in
Sweden to help resolve these issues. Engineers there have created what is thought to be the world's first operating
electrified road. A Swedish company, Elways, invented the technology. The project, involving several companies, is
called eRoadArlanda. A large, specially built electric truck transports goods along a two-kilometer-long stretch of road
from Stockholm's Arlanda airport. The truck's battery is charged from the electrified road as it travels.
CEO Hans Saell has led the project since 2013. He explains that the technology works in a simple way. A
15-centimeter-wide electrical rail is built into the road. The vehicle contains equipment that automatically senses the
electrified road. An arm then lowers from the vehicle to make contact with the rail. Saell says the system is designed
to make continuous charging on the road effortless for the driver. (21) He says thu system can be built into existing
roads to reduce costs. He estimates that putting in a highly developed version of eRoadArlanda,s technology would cost
about 1 million dollars per kilometer. That amount sounds like a big number and could add up fast over thousands of
kilometers. But Saell says the cost is still a lot less when compared to other transportation infrastructure projects. He
added that the vehicle equipment also costs much less than systems that would require electrical equipment above
ground, such as railways or street cars. Project leaders say the electrified road has been tested in all kinds of weather
and even proved effective in snow and ice. Saell says the powered road is also safe because the electricity is below the
surface and well covered. The road is also not electrified all the time. The electricity turns on in 50-meter stretches
only when an equipped vehicle is travelling on the road. (22) Saell says the eRoadArlanda system still needs a lot of
development before it will be ready for wide industrial use. But he estimates this could happen in just 5 to l0 years.
19. What do the changes to the auto industry show? 
C)
20. What is a major issue with the electric vehicles? 
D)
21. What does Hans Saell say about eRoadArlanda system? 
C)
22. What can we learn about eRoadArlanda system? 
D)
。
Recording Three
There have been many improvements in how weather experts predict the path of hurricanes, powerful storms that
form in the ocean. (23)However, forecasters still struggle when trying to estimate one quality of a coming storm：
 its
intensity. Intensity measurements would help people prepare for flooding and deadly winds. In 2017, the US
government's National Hurricane Centre reported that it had failed to correctly predict the sudden intensification of
the 2016 hurricane called Matthew. That storm strengthened very quickly, with winds reaching up to 270 kilometers
per hour. It caused major destruction in the Caribbean, including killing more than 1 000 people in Haiti, according to
Reuters. (24)Scientists say there ase several scientific models for predicting hunicane intensity, but they are all of
limited use. The current science of tracking a storm's path depends heavily on information about conditions on its
edges. But, intensity is based on what is happening in the middle of it. Generally, measurements are taken one of
three ways. Sometimes researchers fly a 44hurricane hunter“ aircraft into the storm. Other times, they use a device
called a weather buoy to measure wind speeds as a storm passes over. Or, they get information from satellites. One
project to gather more information to predict intensity is the Cyclone Global Navigation Satellite System, or CYGNSS
六级13

----- PAGE 14 -----
for short. CYGNSS is a group of eight low-orbit satellites. The American space agency, NASA launched it in 2016.
Earlier satellites had trouble measuring ocean surface winds at the centre of storms. Heavy rain at the centre often
weakened their signals, NASA officials said.
Christopher Ruf is a lead investigator with CYGNSS and a climate science professor at the University of
Michigan. He noted, “ For storms that are changing really quickly, you could miss something like rapid
intensification. " ( 25) NASA designed CYGNSS to measure surface winds in and near the centre of tropicri storm
systems. Researchers said that having more satellites means they can pass over the storms more often. And the low-
orbit satellites are closer to the storms. So, experts get more real-time information to use for predicting intensity. At
present, researchers are focusing on the 2017 season when hurricanes severely affected Texas, Florida and Puerto
Rico. Storms caused hundreds of billions of dollars in damage. And researchers are re-examining information gathered
from CYGNSS to see how it affected the quality of the forecasts and how it can be better used to predict intensity.
CYGNSS could be fully operational next year, researchers said.
23. Which quality of a coming storm bothers forecasters? 
B)
24. What do scientists say about current scientific models for predicting hurricane intensity? 
A)
25. What can we learn about CYGNSS? 
D)
Part I j£ l Reading Comprehension
Section A
★答案解析十
26. L）【精析】动词辨析题。空格位于系动词are 之后、
in a new book之前，因此空格处可填入现在分词
（构成现在进行时）或填入过去分词（与are 一同
构成被动语态）。因为该句主语they指代的是
cold showers,不是动作的执行者,不能使用进行
时态，因此空格处需要填入动词的过去分词形
式，构成被动语态。此处意为“一本新书《那些不
能杀死我们的事情》
它们（冷水浴）”，即
冷
水
浴
被
，故答案为recommended
“推荐”。
27. D）【精析】动词辨析题。空格处于which引导的非
限制性定语从句中，先行词是a new book,宾语
是the exploits"英勇的行为”，所以此处应填入动
词第三人称单数形式作谓语。此处意为“该书
荷兰极冷狂热者维姆• 霍夫的英勇事
迹”。备选项中只有charts"记录，跟踪”符合该语
境，故为答案。
28. E）【精析】名词辨析题。分析句子结构可知,空格前
面有人称代词his和形容词entire,因此需要填
人名词。该处意为“冷水浴改变了他'对外在世
界的整体 
备选项中disposition“意
向，倾向”可与toward搭配，意为“对…… 的倾
向”，故disposition为答案。
29. B）【精析】动词辨析题。分析句子结构可知，介词
from后面应跟名词或动名词，空格后的slowing
和fighting均为动名词，根据平行原则，空格处也
应填入动名词。该句意为“洗冷水浴的好处有很
多，包括 
免疫力、减缓衰老和抵御抑郁
症。”备选项中只有boosting“促进”符合题意，故
为答案。
30. M）【精析】动词辨析题。分析句子结构可知,空格所
填词为who引导的定语从句中的谓语，与前面的
has always preferred是并列关系。因此，此处可
能填入动词的过去分词，与前面的has构成现在
完成时，或填入动词的第三人称单数形式，构成
一般现在时。此处意为“作为一个一直喜欢寒
冷，并 
将炎热天气视为'好天气'的人”。
备选项中只有resents“厌恶，憎恨”符合题意，故
为答案。
31. A）【精析】动词辨析题。分析句子结构可知,空格所
填词作谓语，与tried和started构成并列关系，表
示一系列的动作，因此应填入动词的过去式。此
处意为“我尝试了小睡, 那个计划，然后
转而开始在冰水中跳跃”。备选项中只有
abandoned“
 放弃”符合题意，故为答案。
32. C）【精析】副词辨析题。空格所填词位于谓语动词
worked之后，逗号后是helping引出的结果状
语，所以此处应填入副词。该句意为“效果
，帮助我多挤出了几个小时的精力。”备
选项中只有brilliantly“极成功地”符合题意，故
为答案。
33. N）【精析】形容词辨析题。根据语法可知，空格位于
不定代词something和副词词组a little之后，所
以空格处应填入形容词与a little构成形容词短
六级14

----- PAGE 15 -----
语，后置修饰somethingo 此处意为“但是，我承
认这样做有一些________在里面”。备选项中只
有self-punishing"自我惩罚的”符合题意，故为
答案。
34 . O）【精析】动词辨析题。空格位于the desire to 之
后，所以应填入动词原形，与to 构成不定式结构,
修饰名词desireo 此处意为“在渴望_极
端寒冷的背后，有一种以某种方式征服你自己的
欲望”。备选项中overcome和triumph都有“胜
过，获胜”之意，不同之处是overcome是及物动
词,可直接跟宾语,而triumph over sth.为常用搭
配,此处空格后出现了 over,故triumph为答案。
35 . I）【精析】形容词辨析题。分析句子结构可知，空格
位于名词conflict之前，因此应填入形容词。该
句意为“结果更可能仅是更多的 
冲突。”
结合上文“自己与自己摔跤（较量）”的语义可知，
备选项中只有inner"内部的，内心的”符合题意,
故为答案。
Section B
★答案解析十
36 . 【译文】运动L 5 至3 小时的人与运动45分钟的人的
精神健康状况几乎一样。
【定位】由题干中的L 5 and 3 hours 和 three quarters
of an hour定位到原文D）段第一、二句。
D）【精析】细节推断题。定位句提到，最佳运动量是一
周三至五次，每次45分钟。而每次90分钟以上的锻
炼所带来的好处并无太大区别—
除非达到三个小
时。由此可知，90 分钟到三个小时之间的运动量所
带来的好处与4 5 分钟的运动量差不多。由下文可
知，定位句中的benefit是指改善精神健康状况。题
干中的 were almost in the same mental health
condition 对应原文中的 wasn't a big difference in
benefit,故D）为答案。
37 . 【译文】春季健康公司的首席科学家认为人们在做自
行车运动时可以认真考虑事情或重新评估生活中所
发生的状况。
【定位】由题干中的 chief scientist at Spring Health、
reassess和cycling定位到原文G）段第一句和最后
一•句。
G）【精析】同义转述题。定位段最后一句提到，但这也
是一个机会，让你在相对较长的一段时间内不工作，
并开始认真考虑一些事情,也许是重新评估生活中所
发生的状况。由该段第一句可知，这是Chekroud,即
春季健康公司的首席科学家所说的话。由此可知，春
季健康公司的首席科学家认为,人们可以在做自行车
运动时认真考虑一些事情或者重新评估生活中所发
生的状况。题干中的consider things thoroughly和
reassess what goes on in their life 分别是原文中
think things through 和 reevaluate situations that
happen in your life的同义转述，故G）为答案。
38 . 【译文】加里• 库尼博士在报告中更喜欢用身体活动
而不是运动这个标签。
【定位】由题干中的Dr. Gary Cooney, label和physical
activity定位到原文I）段。
I）【精析】细节推断题。该段第一句提到，该报告囊括
T  75种“运动”，导致一些专家更喜欢用另一个标签
来代替。紧接着下文以加里• 库尼博士所说的话为
例说明该点,也就是说加里• 库尼博士也是这些专家
之一。该段最后一句提到“该研究……以其包罗万象
的方式，被认为是关于身体活动而非运动的研究可能
会更准确一些。”由此可知，第一句中的another label
是指physical activity,用来取代exercise这一标签，
故I）为答案。
39 . 【译文】有双相情感障碍等心理问题的受访者可能不
太能够准确地自述。
【定位】由题干中的bipolar affective disorder定位到
原文M）段。
M）【精析】细节推断题。M）段提到，库尼表示，因为调
查的回答是自述的，那些像有精神分裂症、分裂情感
性障碍或双相情感障碍等疾病的患者,准确自述的能
力会有所下降。由原文中的the answers to the
survey are self-reported 可知，该句中的 individuals
是指调查中的受访者；so 指代上文中提到的self­
reported o 题干中的 psychological problems 和 less
able分别对应原文中的conditions和a diminished
ability,故M）为答案。
40 . 【译文】美国疾病控制与预防中心的数据显示，不锻
炼的受试者比那些锻炼的人更常感到有压力或抑郁。
【定位】由题干中的US Centres for Disease Control
and Prevention, stressful 和 depressed 定位到原文
A）段第三句和第五、六句。
A）【精析】同义转述题。A）段第三句提到，研究人员分
析了 2011年、2013年和2015年美国疾病控制与预
防中心调查中120万名美国成年人的回答数据。由
此可知，研究数据来自美国疾病控制与预防中心。该
段最后两句又指出，在过去的一个月里，那些报告说
锻炼了的人自述精神健康状况不良的天数比那些不
锻炼的人大约少1 .5 天。据报告，精神健康状况不良
在该研究中是指压力、抑郁和情绪障碍。由此可知，
美国疾病控制与预防中心的调查数据表明，不锻炼的
六级15

----- PAGE 16 -----
受试者比那些锻炼的人更经常处于精神健康不良状
态，即更容易感到有压力或抑郁。题干中的
participants without exercise 和 those who exercised
分别是原文中 those who did not exercise 和 those
who reported exercising 的同义转述；stressful 和
depressed分别对应原文中的stress和depression,故
A）为答案。
41 . 【译文】在切克罗看来，除抑郁症和焦虑症以外的精
神健康问题在研究中被更少提及的部分原因是它们
是极端案例。
【定位】由题干中的mental health problems和edge
cases定位到原文L）段第二句和最后一句。
L）【精析】细节推断题。该段第二句提到“我认为，与那
篇特别评论相比,我们对此较少关注的部分原因是我
们知道抑郁症和焦虑症都是最常见的精神健康问
题。”由上一句可知，该句中的I 是指C hekroud,紧
接着最后一句提到“将来我们可能会开始研究不同的
疾病类型，可能会看到不同的模式，但我认为总的来
说，在这种情况下,它还是一种极端案例。”由此可知，
除抑郁症和焦虑症以外的精神健康问题皆属于极端
案例。题干中的less mentioned对应原文中的less
concerned,故 L）为答案。
42 . 【译文】可变的社会或人口因素对精神健康的改善作
用不如运动带来的大。
【定位】根据题干中的 contribution 和 changeable
social or demographic factor 定位到原文 H）段最后
一句。
H）【精析】同义转述题。定位句提到，从运动中看到的
对精神健康的改善仍超过其他可改变的社会或人口
因素，如教育、体重指数或家庭收入。由上文可知，
定位句中的 improvement 是指 improvement of
mental health。题干中的 the contribution made to
mental health by 对应原文中的 the improvement
seen from；题干中的 changeable 是原文中 modifiable
的近义词。题干是对定位句的概括，故H）为答案。
43 . 【译文】经医生确认后，病人应该制订锻炼计划，并像
服药一样定期执行。
【定位】由题干中的doctors' verification, make a
plan和taking medicine定位到原文O）段第二句。
O）【精析】同义转述题。定位句提到，如果医生回答是
肯定的，那么你就要设法制订计划,并确保该计划能
像其他治疗方式一样—
如果你要吃药，那么你要想
出T 个定期服药的办法。由此可知，经医生确认后，
病人应该制订锻炼计划,并像服药一样定期执行。题
干中的 doctors' verification 是原文中 the doctor says
yes 的同义转述；make a plan 和 taking medicine 分
别对应原文中的figure out a plan和get pills,故O）
为答案。
44 . 【译文】马德乌卡• 特里维迪博士在《美国医学会杂
志• 精神病学》上写的文章说，中年时保持健康可以
降低抑郁症的发病率。
【定位】根据题干中的J A M A  Psychiatry和keeping
fit in middle age定位到原文B）段最后t 句。
B）【精析】同义转述题。定位句提到，马德乌卡• 特里
维迪博士并没有参与该研究，但最近在《美国医学会
杂志• 精神病学》上发表了一篇论文,将中年时的健
身与较低的患抑郁症风险联系在一起。由上文可知，
定位句句首的h e是指Dr. Madhukar Trivedi。题干
中的 keeping fit in middle age 是原文中 midlife
fitness的同义转述;reduce the incidence对应原文中
的lower risk,故B）为答案。
45 . 【译文】即使做家务也能使一个月内精神健康状况不
良的天数减少约10%。
【定位】由题干中的doing housework和reduce about
10%定位到原文F）段第二句。
F）【精析】同义转述题。定位句提到，即使是做家务琐
事也能导致一个月里精神健康状况不良的天数大约
减少10%。题干中的doing housework和reduce分
别对应原文中的 completing household chores 和
drop,故F）为答案。
Section C
。
Passage One
★答案解析十
46 . 【定位】由题干中的the first two paragraphs定位到
原文前两段。
A）【精析】推理判断题。第一段提到，英国的一家超市
成为世界上首家允许购物者使用其指尖静脉付款购
买食品杂货的超市。紧接着第二段指出，在伦敦布鲁
内尔大学的考斯特卡特便利店内，顾客如今可以使用
能确认其身份的独特静脉分布图进行付款。由此推
知,世界上首家使用手指静脉付款技术的超市就是考
斯特卡特超市，故答案为A）。
47 . 【定位】由题干中的the finger vein scanners和
submitting payments online定位到原文第四段第
二句。
B）【精析】推理判断题。由定位句可知，顾客的银行卡
详细信息随后被存入支付服务提供商Worldpay,这
与网购时存储银行卡详细信息的方式一样。由上文
可知,手指静脉扫描仪是用于超市，即实体店，由此
六级16

----- PAGE 17 -----
推知，在实体店使用手指静脉扫描仪付款与网上付款选
择了相同的方式存储用户的银行卡信息，故答案为B)。
48 . 【定位】由题干中的 fingerprint identification technology
定位到原文第五段。
C ) 【精析】事实细节题。定位段指出，先前的研究发现，
广泛应用于手机上的指纹识别易受到黑客攻击，甚至
能够从手机屏幕上残留的手指污迹中得以复制。由
此可知，指纹识别技术有可能由于手机上残留的手指
痕迹而遭到复制，故C)为答案。
49 . 【定位】由题干中的the finger vein scanners和
authenticate users to get into 定位到原文第八段。
B ) 【精析】事实细节题。定位段指出，静脉扫描仪也被
用于出入戒备森严的英国警署，并至少在一家英国
大型投资银行中被用于授权内部交易。由此可知，
静脉扫描仪已被用于验证用户身份以便出入警署，
故B)为答案。
50 . 【定位】由题干中的Simon Binns定位到原文最后一
段首句和末句。
D ) 【精析】推理判断题。最后一段末句提到，任何银行
卡的详细信息都不会存储在零售商或斯塔勒公司那
里，而是存储在Worldpay那里，这和网购时的存储
方式一样。该段第一句提到，西蒙•宾斯是斯塔勒公
司的商务总监。由此推测，斯塔勒公司和卖方都不会
保留用户的银行卡信息，故答案为D)。
★全文翻译十
(46-1)英国的一家超市成为世界上首家允许购物者使用其指尖静脉付款购买食品杂货的超市。
(46-2)在伦敦布鲁内尔大学的考斯特卡特便利店内，顾客如今可以使用能确认其身份的独特静脉分布图进行付款。
开发该技术的斯塔勒公司表示，他们正在与英国其他的大超市进行“严肃的谈判”，计划让数千家商店的收银处采
用高科技手指静脉扫描仪。
静脉扫描仪的工作原理是利用红外线扫描人们手指的静脉，然后将这种独特的生物特征识别图与他们的银行卡相
关联。(47)顾客的银行卡详细信息随后被存入支付服务提供商Worldpay,这与网购时存储银行卡详细信息的方式一
样。这样，购物者可以在逛超市时除了双手什么都不用带，并且只花三秒就能用该技术付款。
(48)这种技术会出现是由于先前的研究发现，广泛应用于手机上的指纹识别易受到黑客攻击，甚至能够从手机屏
幕上残留的手指污迹中得以复制。
但斯塔勒公司声称，静脉识别技术是最安全的生物特征识别方法，因为它无法被复制或窃取。
斯塔勒公司表示，数十名学生已使用了该系统,预计到11 月份,13 000名学生中将有3 000人进行注册。
(49)静脉扫描仪也被用于出入戒备森严的英国警署，并至少在一家英国大型投资银行中被用于授权内部交易。
斯塔勒公司也在与夜总会及健身房洽谈将该技术用于验证会员身份，甚至与英超足球俱乐部洽谈将该技术用于识
别人们是否有权进入V IP服务专区。
该技术使用红外光来形成手指静脉分布的详细图像。它要求用户必须是活着的，这意味着如果一个罪犯砍下某人
的手指(当然不太可能发生这种事)，那么该技术将是无效的。斯塔勒公司表示，首次注册该系统只需一分钟，此后每次
只需在超市收款处花数秒钟把手指放在扫描仪上。
(50-1)斯塔勒公司的商务总监西蒙• 宾斯告诉《每日电讯报每“这让顾客付款变得如此便捷。他们无须携带现金或
银行卡。他们无须记住密码。只需带上自己。这是最安全的生物特征识别方式。目前该安全系统遭到破解的事件还
未发生。当你把手指放进扫描仪时，它会检查出你是否还活着，它会检测脉搏，还会检测血红蛋白。你的静脉分布图非
常安全，因为它被作为二进制数字以加密形式保存在数据库中。(50-2)任何银行卡的详细信息都不会存储在零售商或
我们公司处，而是存储在 Worldpay 处，这和网购时的存储方式一样。”
*
 Passage Two
★答案解析十
51 . 【定位】由题干中的 the application of robots and
artificial intelligence定位到原文第一段和第二段第
一句。
C ) 【精析】事实细节题。第一段提到，使用机器人和人
工智能可以提高生产率;第二段第一句提到,英国劳
工联合会说,技术革新带来了更高的生产力水平，这
应该给工人阶层带来更多裨益。技术革新就是指使
用机器人和人工智能，可见英国劳工联合会认为机器
人和人工智能的应用应该给工人阶层带来福祉，故
C)为答案。
52 . 【定位】由题干中的data和PricewaterhouseCoopers
定位到原文第三段第1•句。
B ) 【精析】推理判断题。定位句引用了普华永道会计师
事务所的数据，说明人工智能对英国经济的助力作
用，而第二段中英国劳工联合会认为，生产率提高、经
济发展应该给工人阶层带来福祉。由此推知,普华永
道的数据为英国劳工联合会的论断提供了支持，故答
案为B )。
六级17

----- PAGE 18 -----
53 . 【定位】由题干中的人名关键词Frances O'Grady定
位到原文第m 段最后两句。
A ) 【精析】推理判断题。由定位句可知，奥格拉迪说机
器人和人工智能让人们以更低的成本制造更多的产
品,促进国家繁荣，但是人们需要探讨由此带来的财
富谁会从中受益，并提出工人们应分得自己应得的一：
份。由此可知，奥格拉迪也认为技术进步应该旨在提
高人民福祉，故答案为A )。
54 . 【定位】由题干中的the waves of technological
advances定位到原文第四段和第六段前两句。
D ) 【精析】推理判断题。第四段提到，第一次工业革命
后曾有过数次技术进步浪潮，但是并没有整体减少
工作岗位，只是扰乱了人们的工作类型。第五段继
续讲述现在所经历的技术进步的影响。第六段前两
句指出，不同产业的就业人员比例发生了彻底改变。
由此可知,技术进步对劳动力结构产生了深刻影响，
故答案为D)。
55 . 【定位】由题干中的人名关键词David Gauke定位到
原文最后一■段前两句。
C ) 【精析】推理判断题。定位句提到，英国就业与养老
金大臣大卫• 高珂提出将退休年龄延长七年,这一提
议预计将影响众多劳动者;而随后第二句中作者明确
指出，英国劳工联合会要求推翻这个关于退休年龄的
提议，故答案为C )。
★
全
文
翻
译
十
(51-1)英国劳工联合会(TUC)已经敦促政府利用广泛使用机器人和人工智能带来的生产率提高来扭转计划中对
全国退休年龄的变革。
(51-2)在一年一度的布莱顿代表大会召开之前，英国劳工联合会称，技术革新带来了更高的生产力水平，这应给工
人阶层带来更多裨益。它声称，目前主要是企业主受益，并没有通过增加工资或改善工作环境让工人阶层普遍受益。
(52)普华永道会计师事务所的分析显示，到2030年，由人工智能带来的生产率提升将使国内生产总值增加10%,
这有助于增强英国经济，因为它寻求摆脱产出增长微弱的困扰。根据英国劳工联合会的看法，这也可以减轻工人们的
压力，使他们能够工作到近七十岁。政府曾在七月份宣布，在2037年至2039年期间，退休年龄将从67 岁提高到68 岁。
(53)英国劳工联合会秘书长弗朗西斯• 奥格拉迪说，“机器人和人工智能让我们以更低的成本制造更多的产品，促进国
家繁荣。然而，我们需要探讨的是,谁从这笔财富中受益以及工人们如何得到他们应得的一份。”
(54-1)第一次工业革命后曾有过数次技术进步浪潮，那时效率低下的工作岗位被机器所取代，或者工作所需的人数
减少。这些进步并没有整体减少工作岗位，但是扰乱了人们的工作类型。
人们担心当前的创新阶段可能更具破坏性，而生产率提高所带来的好处未必能转化为更高的工资。最新可获得的
数据显示，自20世纪70 年代中期以来，人们经历了前所未有的低失业率，但是由于通货膨胀超过了缓慢的收入增长，
实际工资增长仍是负数。
(54-2) 1950年，几乎三分之一的工作者就职于制造业，而十二分之一的工作者在专业或技术服务领域工作。到
2016年，这个比例已经彻底改变，但是在受影响的领域，制造业减少的工作岗位并没有被相似或更高品质的工作所取
代。前工业领域的工资仍然比全国平均工资低10%。
(55)英国就业与养老金大臣大卫• 高珂提出将退休年龄延长七年，这一备受争议的提议预计将影响近4 0 岁至刚
4 0 多岁的大约700万人。除了推翻关于退休年龄的提议，英国劳工联合会说，工人还应该有权进行中年职业评估，同时
企业应该加大职场培训的投入。该联合会称，目前英国在这方面的投入只有欧盥平均数的一半。奥格拉迪说：“机器人
不只是终结者。现在一部分工作岗位将会消失,但新的岗位会被创造出来。我们必须确保未来的工作不会比今天
的差。”
. Part
Translation
Millions of people in China are sharing their lives with the world by online live streaming, which is not a new
concept. In China, a variety of online live streaming applications have emerged one after another, and they are also
used for commercial purposes, with individuals and companies using them to sell a wide range of products. Stars also
use live streaming to directly interact with their fans. Online live streaming plays an important role in people's life, for
it not only enables people's life to become more and more diverse, but also makes the communication among people
more convenient and interesting.
六级18

----- PAGE 19 -----
The Key to Model Test Three
P a r t^ J  Writing
参考范文
Pets Should Not Be Kept in Donnitories
It is frequently reported that some college students keep pets in their dormitories. Attitudes toward this
phenomenon vary from person to person. Some people think it's not a big deal, while others maintain that's
unacceptable. As for me, I support the latter.
First of all, keeping pets might imperil our health because pets may carry some potential bacteria which can lead
to serious diseases. What's worse, some pets such as cats may attack people although they are docile most of the time.
Secondly, there is no doubt that it consumes a lot of time and money for the keeper to raise a pet. Thirdly, it is
forbidden to keep pets in most colleges. On balance, we should obey the regulations and pay more attention to our
study.
To conclude, it is inappropriate for students to keep pets in dormitories. If you are an animal lover, you can do
something for the stray cats or dogs which are very easy to find on campus.
Part^^^ Listening Comprehension
Section A
Conversation One
M：
 I don't understand it. ⑴I got a notice from the bank that I had two rubber checks. I've never hud an overdraft
before.
W：
 That doesn't sound like you. You're always so careful with your money.
M：
 I am! I don't understand what happened.
W：
 Let me take a look at your bank statement. OK, here are your deposits and withdrawals from last month. (2-l)Do
you know that your bank charges you a fee just to have a checking account? It looks like you also have a minimum
balance requirement. If you fall below that, you get charged a fee.
M：
 I don't know that.
W：
 (3)If it's like my checking account, you can avoid that by getting a direct deposit for your prycheck. (2-2)Do you
also know that you get charged every time you use your ATM card to make a purchase?
M：
 I don't know that! It is all rather unbelievable.
W：
 Well, that's what happened. Your bank is charging you fees for all those things and after those fees were
deducted, you were left with less money in your account than you thought.
M：
 That's too much! How could they do that?
W：
 (4)They count on you not reading the terms and conditions and not looking closely at youv statements.
M：
 I've had it! I'm moving banks.
1. What happened to the man? 
B)
2. What does the woman explain about the bank's fees to the man? 
B)
3. How can the man avoid getting charged a fee? 
A)
六级19

----- PAGE 20 -----
4. Why doesn't the man know these fees the woman refers to? 
D)
K  ；
 Conversation Tvo
M：
 As we probably know, log structures are gaining popularity. We can find those structures around the countryside.
W：
 (5)Actually, log structures are no longer just the simple country homes that we think of as the traditional log
cabin. Some senior homes now incorporate natural round logs in blocking beams and walls.
M：
 People seem to think that the round logs give their homes a pleasant warm atmosphere.
W：
 Yes, and even people who want to build a traditional log cabin on their own can buy equipment with precut logs
that fit together like pieces of puzzle.
M：
 (8-1)Before showing us some slides of modern log houses, would you like to give us a little historical background on
the subject?
W ：
 Of course9 I would like to. (6)Log cabins were first built in the late 1600s along ths Delaware River Valley. The
European immigrants who settled there brought centuries, old traditions of working with logs.
M：
 (7)In that heavily wooded area logs were the material in hand.
W：
 Log cabins were the most popular in the early 1800s with the settlers who were moving west. They provided the
answer to the pioneers, need for a sale and sliding boards for windows.
M：
 Actually, these log buildings can meet the demands of different kinds of people.
W ：
 Well, the log buildings that have probably most influence on modern architects are those of the mountain retreats
of wealthy New Yorkers. These country houses which were popular in the early 1900s represent what's known as
the modern style.
M：
 Thank you for your description. (8-2)Now let's look at those slides.
5. What did the log structures refer to originally? 
B)
6. Where did the log cabins appear first? 
B)
7. Why did the early immigrants build houses with logs in Delaware? 
B)
8. What are the two speakers going to do next? 
A)
Section B
Passage One
When caught in pouring rain without an umbrella, most people pick up their pace. ⑼ But an old tale advises that
a person who runs in the rain gets wetter than one who walks. It sounds reasonable that when someone runs up and
down, the body is exposed to more drops of water. But several studies have put this saying to the test and found it is
not true. One such test was carried out in 1987 and was published in European Journal of Physics magazine. (10) The
Italian physicist who did the experiment said that if the distance is short enough, running gets a person less wet than
walking. But running only keeps you about 10 percent drier. That is to say, running isn't worth the effort. Perhaps
the final word came from two American scientists at the National Climatic Data Center recently. (11) They thought
that earlier studies overestimated the average walking pace. So, they did a much more careful experiment than any of
the previous ones. They noticed that the direction of the wind really matters to the results of the experiment. They
also found that runners like to lean forward, hiding the front of their bodies from rain, but exposing the back. Over a
distance of 100 meters, they found that running in heavy rain kept them drier by as much as 40 percent. The bottom
line is running in the rain probably keeps you drier than walking. (12)But do remember to take an umbrella with you!
For long distances, without an umbrella, the results are the same, no matter you nm or walk.
9. What should people do when caught in the rain according to the old tale? 
D)
10. What can we infer from the test in 1987? 
C)
11. What's the limitation of previous experiments according to the two American scientists? 
A)
六级20

----- PAGE 21 -----
12. What's the best way to avoid being wet? 
C)
K  Passage Two
Suppose someone invented a gift card so versatile ( 多功能的)that it could be used almost anywhere to buy almost
anything. This gift card would be good forever and would be accepted in many foreign countries. (13) You could bend
it in half—or even leave it in the pocket of your trunks ( 男式游泳裤)when you went for a swim and it would still
work fine. Wait a minute. Somebody already invented that go-anywhere gift card. It's called cash. Cash has huge
advantages over gift cards. (14) There's been a big trouble about gift card fees, so Congress eventually stepped in to limit
them. And a sizable chunk of gift card value- estimates range between 5% and 10%—never gets fully used. These aren't
issues that come with cash. So why have gift cards grown in popularity when we already have something better sitting in our
wallets? (15)The answer is a combination of consumer psychology and opportunistic retailers and card issuers. Consumers see
giving cash as silly, and retailers have taken advantage of that to push gift cards. Most store cards don't have fees anymore.
They have a different problem. You5re committed to use the card at a designated store. And a new National Retail Federation
survey finds that shoppers expect to spend a bit less on holiday gift cards this year.
13. What will happen if the multifunction gift card falls into water? 
A)
14. What's the reason for Congress interfering in the gift card issue? 
C)
15. Why are the gift cards so popular among consumers? 
D)
Section C
Recording One
However gifted someone may be, he or she still had to develop various talents to achieve a lofty professional
position. And that's good news for the rest of us. (16)Each one of us has our own skills and talents, and we too can
develop them and propel ourselves into positions of influence. Here are some ways to enhance those talents.
First, develop your critical decision-making skills. Decision-making is a top leadership competency because it pops
up everywhere, from the simple choice of where to hold a staff meeting to the strategic option of where to spend
marketing dollars. These decisions impact the people in the next cubicle ( 小隔间)，but they may also affect a
subsidiary ( 子公司)halfway across the globe or an entire country.
(17)Decisiveness is not a trait we're bom with—it's a skill that can be learned. To master it, analyze your process
of critical decision-making to spot weak links in your reasoning and to recognize unconscious biases for or against
something or someone. While we can't control outcomes, we can shape the process that sets them in motion.
Second, learn to make a solid argument.
You may never address the United Nations Security Council or testify before Congress, but everyone should be
able to put together a coherent argument. That skill is critically and frequently useful—in high-stakes conversations,
presentations, question-and-answer sessions and in other discussions with decision-makers or anyone else who
represents a certain viewpoint or asks you to explain yours.
To argue means to give reasons. It means defending and promoting your choices against the contrary arguments of
equally adept influencers. Take what you've learned in school and build on that base with private instruction and
directed reading on the relevant subject. (18) You'll find that youe ability to think critically and analyze others'
arguments will dramatically increase your influence on their choices.
Third, become a storyteller.
Storytelling has been a premier ( 首要的) tool in influencing people across cultures and eras. Influencers tell
stories for strategic purposes. From motivating people to act, to teaching, to reducing resistance and changing minds,
a well-told narrative is a formidable force, often far more powerful than the mere recitation of complex financial or
technical facts. Numbers and figures are important, but when it comes to showing their relationship to any issue, large
六级21

----- PAGE 22 -----
or small, (19)a strategic narrative wrapped around the digits will deliver the message better and more memorably than
anything else.
After you master the data, ask yourself ：
 Is there a way to put a human face on my message? Are there real-life
examples that will help me make my point in a way others can relate to?
16. What does the speaker mainly talk about? 
B)
17. What does the speaker say about decisiveness? 
C)
18. How will your ability to think critically help you? 
D)
19. What will deliver the message better and more memorably? 
A)
Recording Two
Today, I am going to talk to you something about advice. Advice is a funny thing.
Some people seem to have a constant surplus of it, and offer it nonstop to those around them, even when it is
unsolicited or unwelcome.
Others are on the receiving end of lots of advice from others, but they rarely take any of it.
A very common example of “askhole“ behavior occurs in the teenage years. Teenagers5 parents can become
constant broadcasters of advice, and the younger folks develop ever more sophisticated skills for appearing to listen
while actually turning down the volume of the incoming messages to nearly zero. (20)In most cases, teenogeis rarely
follow their parents' advice.
I've heard experienced parents whose children are now fully grown, say that even when teenagers seem to be in a
tunnel which parental communication signals seem unable to penetrate, parents should still keep on offering their
unsolicited wisdom, perspectives, and advice. The theory goes, that even in the absence of acknowledgement, let
alone agreement, a certain degree of the message still seeps through in the long run.
On the other hand, like all advice, this depends on the tone and mode of delivery. There is a fine line between
advice, for example, and nagging. Some people tend to take good advice and deliver it in such a way that it sounds
like, and is heard as, nagging. (21) Advice transformed into nagging is usually excessively repetitive, critical vathcr
than constructive in tone, sometimes condescending (居高临下的)，and usually a one-way street. You may give your
advice without an invitation for feedback or response such as “What do you think?”
The teenager-parent context is a somewhat special one, but giving and receiving advice pervades our professional
and personal lives. If you think about your friends and associates, they probably include people who either give too
much advice, including on subjects where their expertise is doubtful, or offer advice in an unhelpful tone,e. g. bossy or
condescending. You'll probably also find friends and associates who ignored some very good advice and got themselves
into a very difficult situation as a result. (22) It is not instinctive for us to ask for advice. There are face issues
involved, and potential embarrassment, especially in the workplace. On the other hand, we deny ourselves a lot of
learning opportunities and we are afraid to ask advice from those with richer experience than we have.
20. What can be learned about teenagers and their parents? 
C)
21. What makes advice be transformed into nagging? 
A)
22. Why is it not instinctive for us to ask for advice? 
D)
Recording Three
Here's a question for you. What are the liberal arts? The liberal arts refer to a wide range of academic subjects
that can prepare students for a variety of occupations.
College majors that fall under this category do not typically train students for any one career. It includes broad
areas of study such as the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences and mathematics. The humanities include
subjects such as drama, music, dance and language. Sociology, psychology, geography and economics are all social
sciences. Biology and physics are two examples of natural sciences.
六级22

----- PAGE 23 -----
(23)Regardless of the career you choose, certain qualities called soft skills will make you invaluable to employers
and are vital to your success in many occupations including those in technology. They include critical thinking,
problem solving, creativity and innovation, research skills, writing and oral communication, interpersonal skills and
the ability to learn.
You may already have some of these abilities, but you must find a way to acquire those you don't. The best way to
do that is through liberal arts education. Regardless of your major, make room in your schedule for classes in
literature, history, sociology and psychology.
The second question is：
 Should you major in liberal arts?
(24)There is room for both STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) and liberal arts in the education
of our future workforce. Students should be exposed to both areas of study, but we must also realize that there is a
suitable career for everyone. You may find that a career that emphasizes the liberal arts is a better fit for you while
your best friend may find success in a STEM occupation.
If you want to pursue a career that requires you to get an undergraduate degree in one of the subjects that falls
under this category, you should certainly do that. If you will ultimately need a master's degree for your chosen
occupation, you may have some flexibility regarding your undergraduate major. (25)Choosing a liberal arts major will
allow you to not only amass the soft skills that will follow you through graduate school and your future career, but it
will also expose you to knowledge in a wide range of subjects.
23. What can be learned about soft skills? 
C)
24. What does the speaker suggest students do when choosing their majors? 
A)
25. What does the speaker say about the advantage of a liberal arts major? 
B)
26. E）【精析】动词辨析题。由结构will not do sth.结
构可知，空格处应填入动词原形。根据首句可
知，脸书正在利用广告宣传手段严厉打击加密数
字货币。本句进一步解释,它不会为经常做具有
误导性或欺骗性促销活动的金融产品做广告。
结合备选动词原形可以推断出，display“
 展示”符
合题意，故为答案。
27. O）【精析】形容词辨析题。由空格后名词
currencies可推知，空格处应填入形容词作定
语。currencies后 的and表示并列 关系，initial
coin offerings"首次代币发行”使用的是虚拟货
币，故and之前的短语 
currencies应与
其意思相近。结合备选项可以推断出，virtual
“虚拟的”符合题意，故为答案。
28. K）【精析】名词辨析题。分析句子结构可知，空格
前为介词o f,空格处需填入名词，与without
fear o f构成短语，作状语。空格后o r表示并列
关系,deception意思是“欺骗”，空格处语义应与
其相似，应为贬义。结合备选项可以推断出，
scams”
 骗局,诡计”符合题意，故为答案。
29. H）【精析】名词辨析题。分析句子结构可知，空格
处所在短语作句子主语，形容词spectacular修
饰主语中心词，所以空格处应填入名词。根据句
意可知，各类投资者和投资公司对bitcoin”比特
币”和许多其他的加密数字货币的兴趣激增，由
此可以推断出这种现象的原因是数字货币价格
上涨。结合备选项,increase”增加，增多”符合题
意，故为答案。
30. A）【精析】动词辨析题。分析句子结构可知，that
引导的定语从句中，第一个谓语动词为
promise,第二个谓语动词用了现在完成时结构，
因此空格处应填入动词的过去分词形式。根据
句意可知，比特币等数字货币的过分繁荣已经导
致高回报骗局的出现,这必然会引起美国证券交
六级23

----- PAGE 24 -----
易委员会的关注和调查。结合备选项可以推断
出，attracted“吸弓|”符合题意，故为答案。考生
需要注意的是，本句中的schemes并不是“计划，
规划”的意思，而是“阴谋,诡计”。
31. J ）【精析】副词辨析题。空格所在句子中主干成分
完整,空格前a c t为动词，空格处应填入副词。
根据前文可知，虚拟数字货币存在隐患。本句中
美国证券交易委员会主席杰伊• 克莱顿在演讲
中提出改进要求：市场专业人员做事要
，对自己坚持高标准。结合备选项可以
推断出，responsibly "可靠地，可以信赖地”符合
题意，故为答案。
32. I）
【精析】副词辨析题。分析句子结构可知，空格
所在的句子是对上一句的承接，空格前面是逗
号，后面是介词短语,空格处可填入副词。根据
句意可知，杰伊• 克莱顿在上一句表明市场专业
人员做事要有责任心，对他们自己坚持高标准。
这里进一步地表明他的所见所感: 在代
币方面，他们可以做得更好。结合备选项可以推断
出,particularly"特别，尤其”符合题意，故为答案。
33. D）【精析】名词辨析题。分析句子结构可知，空格
处是举例内容，后面接定语从句对其进一步解
释,o r后面的promotions与其并列，空格处应填
人名词。根据句意可知，脸书提供许多例子来说
明它的新政策，这些例子包括建议用户将退休金
投资比特币的广告 
或“无风险”的加密
数字货币的促销活动。结合备选项可以推断出，
copy"稿件”符合题意，故为答案。ad co p y即
“广告文案”。
34. C）【精析】动词辨析题。分析句子结构可知，to 与
空格处一起构成不定式结构，作potential的定
语，空格处应填入动词原形。根据句意可知，这
里是脸书首席执行官马克• 扎克伯格对加密数
字货币的看法，他认为加密数字货币有可能从
“集中性的体制”
权力。结合备选项可
以推断出，capture "夺取，夺得”符合题意，故为
答案。
35. L）【精析】名词辨析题。空格前是形容词性物主代
词o u r,因此空格处应填入名词。根据句意可
知，扎克伯格提到加密数字货币存在难以控制的
风险，以后会深入研究它们的利弊，使之更好地
应
用
于
我
们
的
。结合备选项可以推断
出,services"服务”符合题意，故为答案。
Section B
★答案解析十
36 . 【译文】如果一个人长时间体重超标，即使后来他的
体重下降,他可能仍然会有潜在的健康问题。
【定位】由题干中的his weight drops和health
problems定位到文章G ）段第三句。
G）【精析】细节推断题。定位句提到，如果一位研究对
象的肥胖状态持续了大半生，后来体重下降了，他体
内可能积攒了多年的不良健康影响因素。接下来的
一句指出,并非所有这些风险因素都会随着体重的减
少而消失。题干是对原文的细节推断，故本题答案
为G ）。
37 . 【译文】吸烟可以通过一系列的身体机制（如降低人
们的食欲）降低体重。
【定位】由题干中的smoking,mechanisms和appetite
定位到文章D 段第二句。
I ）【精析】细节归纳题。定位句提到，吸烟会使与肥胖
相关的风险评估结果产生一个重大的偏差，因为吸烟
这一习惯可以通过新陈代谢作用和降低食欲来影响
人的体重。题干中的a series of mechanisms是对定
位句中的 metabolic effects and reduced appetite 的
概括。通过降低食欲，我们不难看出吸烟对体重的影
响为降低人的体重。题干是对定位句的概括及归纳，
故本题答案为I）。
38 . 【译文】身上有适当数量的脂肪细胞能够帮助我们治
疗感染，有利于我们的身体健康。
【定位】由题干中的fat cells和infections定位到文
章C ）段第二句。
C）【精析】细节推断题。定位句提到，不像骨头和肌肉，
脂肪细胞可以产生炎症反应，帮助我们治愈感染，保
护我们的身体免受进一步的损伤。接下来的内容继
续说明，有太多的脂肪细胞会使我们的身体一直释放
炎症蛋白质，很多研究表明这会增加我们患癌症的风
险。由此可见，只有有适当数量的脂肪细胞才对人体
有利。题干是对原文的概括及进一步推断，故本题答
案为C ）。
39 . 【译文】研究者们还需要付出更多的努力来确定BMI
值的最佳范围。
六级24

----- PAGE 25 -----
【定位】由题干中的researchers, more efforts和best
range定位到文章J）段最后一句。
J）【精析】同义转述题。本段首句提到，正常的BMI值
范围很广。定位句提到,斯托克斯说如果我们想知道
哪一个范围是最好的，研究人员必须付出更多的努
力。题干中的 make more efforts 和 the best range
for BMI分别对应原文中的have a lot more work to
do 和 which sliver of the range is actually best。题干
是对原文的同义转述，故本题答案为J）。
40 . 【译文】虽然BMI值有时不准确，我们还是可以把它
作为一个好的指标参数。
【定位】由题干中的BMI、a good param eter和
inaccurate定位到文章K）段最后两句。
K）【精析】细节归纳题。定位句提到，斯托克斯认为从
全体人口层面来说，BMI值可以作为一个很好的指
标参数来使用。它的准确性确实存在变化，但当我们
在全部人口范围内对风险进行概括，它并不至于被说
成根本没有用，这么说太离谱了。定位句表明BMI
值的准确性存在变化，即有时BMI值并不是很准确。
题干是对定位句的概括及归纳,故本题答案为K）。
41 . 【译文】总是有较低BM I值的那些人需要我们进行
更多的研究。
【定位】由题干中的low BMI和more research定位
到文章M）段第三句。
M）【精析】同义转述题。定位句提到，他认为我们应该
多研究那些BM I值总是很低的人。题干中的need
our more research 是对定位句中 we should study
m ore的同义转述,故本题答案为M）o
42 . 【译文】我们的健康状况是由大量的因素决定的，肥
胖只是其中之一。
【定位】由题干中的determined,factors和just one of
them定位到文章L）段第三、四句。
L）【精析】细节归纳题。定位句提到，有许多其他因素
在影响我们身体健康方面起作用，包括遗传、锻炼、饮
食,尤其是压力。我们的肥胖程度经常与这些其他因
素交织在一起，但是这仍然仅仅是其中的一个因素。
简言之，我们的健康状况是由大量的因素决定的，肥
胖只是其中之一。题干是对定位句的概括及归纳，故
本题答案为L）。
43 . 【译文】长远来看，我们的体重是多少才能保持身体
健康是我们应该思考的一个重要问题。
【定位】由题干中的keep fit和in the long term 定位
到文章A）段最后一句。
A）【精析】同义转述题。定位句是一个疑问句：如果你
打算问你应该有多重,你要长远思考一下—
你体重
多少才能保持身体健康呢？题干中的what weight
we should have和keep f it 分别对应原文中的how
much you should weigh 和 keep you healthy o 题干是
对定位句的同义转述，故本题答案为A）。
44 . 【译文】全世界有6 亿的人过度肥胖,肥胖人口所占
的比重仍在不断上升。
【定位】由题干中的600 million和obese定位到文章
B）段最后1 句。
B）【精析】同义转述题。定位句提到，全球肥胖比率很
高且仍在稳步增长，有13亿成年人被认为超重,6 亿
人口在体重这一范畴上被归类为肥胖。题干中的the
proportion和growing分别对应原文中的obesity
rates和increasing。题干是对定位句的同义转述，故
本题答案为B）。
45 . 【译文】起初科学家们通过研究BM I值和总死亡率
来知道我们应该拥有多少体脂才合适。
【定位】由题干中的how much body fat、B M I和
rates of overall mortality定位到文章E）段前三句。
E）【精析】同义转述题。定位句提到，我们所有人都需
要T 定数量的体脂，所以有多少才合适呢？科学家们
起初通过研究BM1值和总死亡率来寻求答案，并得
出了一个惊人的结论。题干中的originally对应原文
中的initially,故本题答案为E）。
Section C
Passage One
★答案解析十
46 . 【定位】由题干中的the research study和took place
in the U. K .定位到首段第一句。
A）【精析】推理判断题。文章首段通过一项调查研究引
出饮食偏好和抑郁的联系。接下来的内容给出一项
数据:在近万名调查样本中只有350人是素食主义
者。由此可推断,素食主义者在受调查的人中只占一
小部分，故答案为A）。
47 . 【定位】由题干中的the findings和the team 定位到
六级25

----- PAGE 26 -----
文章第二段第二句。
©
【精析】推理判断题。定位句明确指出，该研究小组
发现,素食主义者在量表中的得分更有可能高于10,
而这是可能出现抑郁症的最低值。由第二段首句可
知,这个结论是与肉食主义者相比得出的结论，所以
可以推断出肉食主义者在量表中的得分更有可能低
于10,故答案为c ）o
48 . 【定位】由题干中的plant-based diets和mental
health定位到第四段第二句。
B）【精析】推理判断题。定位句提到，研究人员建议将
以植物为主的饮食与心理健康联系起来。下一句阐
明,关于这一联系的主要理论是素食主义者在红肉中
获得的营养物质较少，特别是维生素B12,这可能会
导致抑郁症状。由此可推断,答案为B）。
49 . 【定位】由题干中的 patients with mental disorders /E
位到最后一段第三句。
©
【精析】细节辨认题。定位句明确指出，许多精神障
碍患者缺乏某些营养素，包括欧米伽3 脂肪酸和B 族
维生素。由此可推断,答案为C）。
50 . 【定位】本题考查文章主旨，需综合全文内容来解答。
B）【精析】主旨大意题。本文通过对素食主义者和肉食
主义者的情绪调查引出饮食与心理健康的关系，并介
绍了底系列的相关调查论证。文章的主旨是素食主
义与抑郁症的关联，故答案为B）。文章通过对素食
主义者的调查引出主旨,但介绍素食主义者并不是作
者的主要目的，所以A ）选项不正确。C）、D ）选项在
文章中一笔带过,并未详细介绍，所以C）、D ）选项不
正确。
★全文翻译支
英国曾做过一项调查研究，让家庭成员汇报他们的饮食情况。根据这项调查研究的数据，研究小组发现吃素的男
性比那些吃肉的男性更容易抑郁。（46）样本包括近万名有着怀孕伴侣的男性,每个人都能确定他们的饮食偏好。报告
指出，只有350人是素食主义者。
科学家使用“爱丁堡产后抑郁量表”来比较素食主义者和肉食主义者的表现，该量表被英国医生用来确定女性是否
有可能患产后抑郁症。（47）研究小组发现，素食主义者的得分更有可能高于10,而这是可能出现抑郁症的最低值。他
们在《情感障碍杂志》的最新一期公布了他们的发现。
这项调查对于参与者究竟如何理解“素食主义者”查明了一些诚实的看法。虽然说自己遵循了这种饮食方式的人不
吃汉堡或热狗，但他们食用的富含脂肪的鱼和贝类几乎和肉食主义者一样多。而有些自认为是素食主义者的人实际上
却沉迷于红肉：72人报告说食用过肉类，而只有16位素食主义者承认有欺骗行为。
研究人员并不断言食素会导致抑郁症。（48）相反，他们是在建议将以植物为主的饮食与心理健康联系起来。关于
这一联系的主要理论是素食主义者在红肉中获得的营养物质较少，特别是维生素B12,这可能会导致抑郁症状。但研
究作者认为，这一新的数据应该会引发一项随机对照试验，以进一步研究肉类与情绪之间的关系。
越来越多的研究表明，营养和抑郁症是有联系的。正如研究人员在一篇论文中指出的，营养神经科学刚刚开始研
究营养如何影响认知、行为和情绪。（49）许多精神障碍患者缺乏某些营养素，包括欧米伽3 脂肪酸和B 族维生素。在
对患者进行的一项小型研究中，医生发现，将维生素B12补充剂与抗抑郁药联合使用可显著减轻症状。
Passage Two
★
答
案
解
析
★
51 . 【定位】由题干中的minimal amount of smoking和
the first paragraph定位到首段第二句。
©
【精析】细节辨认题。定位句明确指出，吸烟量很小
也存在风险。接下来的一句又指出，每天只抽一支香
烟也会增加患心血管疾病的可能性。这与选项C）所
述的意思一致，故答案为C）。
52 . 【定位】由题干中的 141 previously published studies
定位到文章第二段第一句。
©
【精析】推理判断题。定位句指出，研究小组分析了
141项研究的数据。之后的内容就是对具体数据的
介绍和分析:与不吸烟者相比，女性吸烟者患心脏病
和中风的风险增加的百分比数据都要大于男性。由
此可以推断出，女性吸烟者患这两种病的风险高于男
性吸烟者，故答案为C）。
53 . 【定位】 由题干中的 misconception和 Allan
Hackshaw定位到第三段第一句。
B）【精析】细节辨认题。定位句引用艾伦•海克肖的
话,指出许多吸烟者有一种误解：减少了吸烟量就是
六级26

----- PAGE 27 -----
减少了伤害。这与选项B）所述一致，故答案为B）。
54 . 【定位】由题干中的"Going cold turkey is hard”直接
定位到第四段第三句，即原句。
D）【精析】语义理解题。在文中找到原句后，应结合上
下文语义理解句子的意思。上文表明，现在很多从事
烟草行业和健康行业的人都忘记了戒烟的难度。下
文则是围绕“建议先减少吸烟，最终戒烟”展开的。选
项D）“突然戒掉坏习惯是很困难的”符合上下文语
义，故答案为D）。文中并未提及选项A）“养成好习
惯很不容易”和选项B）“自律是非常有挑战性的”，选
项C）的意思与上下文相反，故均排除。
55 . 【定位】由题干中的hope their findings和be used to
定位到文章最后一段。
A）【精析】推理判断题。由定位段可知，研究者希望研
究结果将被用来“加强公共卫生运动，并为吸烟者戒
烟提供强有力的健康激励，而不只是让他们减少吸
烟”。这说明研究者的最终目的是让人们戒烟，并非
提醒吸烟者吸烟的危害或是告诫人们减少吸烟，也未
提到政策制定者，故答案为A）。
★
全
文
翻
译
十
众所周知，吸烟,尤其是大量吸烟，对健康是有害的。（51）但是一项新的研究显示，即使吸烟量很小也存在风险。
每天只抽一支香烟也会增加患心血管疾病的可能性。伦敦大学学院的研究人员发现，每天抽一支香烟会增加患冠心病
或中风的风险。在周三发表于《英国医学杂志》的论文中，作者们总结道：“对于心血管疾病来说，安全的吸烟量是不存
在的。“
研究小组分析了在1946年至2015年间进行的之前已发表的141项研究，其中包括数百万名男性和女性的数据。
他们专门关注了那些每天吸一支、五支或二十支烟的人的心血管效应，并将其与那些从不吸烟的人相比。在调整一些
诸如年龄和血压害混淆因素的时候,（52）他们发现每天吸一支烟的男性患心脏病的风险比不吸烟者高74% ,患中风的
风险高30%。在女性中，与不吸烟者相比，每天一支烟的吸烟者患心脏病的风险增加了 119% ,患中风的风险增加
了 46%。
艾伦•海克肖是伦敦大学学院的研究合著者，同时也是该学院的一名流行病学教授。他告诉《新闻周刊》：
（53）“许多吸烟者有一种误解,他们认为减少了吸烟量就是减少了伤害。对于肺癌来说这似乎是正确的，但人们并不知
道即使一点点烟草烟雾对心血管系统也有很大的影响。”
尽管少量吸烟会对健康产生负面影响，但减少吸烟仍然有用。海克肖说：（54）“我认为现在很多从事烟草行业和健
康行业的人都忘记了戒烟的难度。断然戒掉坏习惯是很难的。”海克肖建议寻找一个适当的戒烟方法，以帮助减少吸
烟。但他也强调，最终的目标应该是戒烟。
根据疾病控制和预防中心的数据，每3 例心血管疾病死亡事件中就有1 例是由吸烟引起的。了解少量吸烟在这一
风险中所起到的作用有助于降低心血管疾病的发病率。
（55）海克肖和他的同事们希望他们的研究结果将被用来“加强公共卫生运动（包括那些戒烟服务运动），并为吸烟
者（特别是女性）戒烟提供强有力的健康激励，而不只是让他们减少吸烟，”他们在论文中写道。
Translation
As one of the three major marginal seas in China, the Yellow Sea covers an area of about 380 000 square
kilometers. It is abundant in biological species and aquatic resources, forming numerous good fisheries around and
driving the economic development of the surrounding cities. Meanwhile, the industrial pollution poses an increasingly
serious challenge to the ecological environment of the Yellow Sea. There are many major ports along its coast, such as
Dalian Port, Qingdao Port, etc. , most of which have become ports for China's opening up, and promoted multilateral
trade between China and its neighbors, thus making the Yellow Sea a key area for foreign trade.
. Part
六级27

----- PAGE 28 -----
The Key to Model Test Four
9 Part 
Writing
参考范文
Growing Up Through Mistakes
As the old saying goes, “He who makes no mistakes makes nothing.,, Making mistakes is a part of human nature.
We learn from mistakes and we cannot grow up without them.
In the course of growth, everyone makes many a mistake from time to time. To begin with, making mistakes is an
essential part of growing. Take learning to walk for example. When we were toddlers, we fell down again and again
until we could walk on our own. Moreover, the mistakes we have made in the past will be a vital part of our
education. This is true when we're trying to learn English, especially spoken English. If we're afraid of making
mistakes, then it's almost impossible for us to make progress. So making mistakes is also a process of learning. Last but
not least, every mistake that we have made in our life leads us to our current state of understanding. As long as we are
not afraid of making mistakes, we are likely to be closer to success.
In short, if there is no learning involved, mistakes would have no worth at all. As can be imagined, mistakes
might cause pain or impatience, and yet they could provide opportunities for growth.
Part 
Listening Comprehension
Section A
Conversation One
W ：
 What are you doing?
M：
 I'm ordering some filing cabinets out of a catalog.
W ：
 What do you need them for?
M：
 (1)There's so much stuff piling up in my dormitory room. If I don't do something soon, I won't be able to
move in there.
W：
 Do you usually order from a catalog?
M：
 Sometimes. Why?
W：
 Oh, it's just in the history class today that we were talking about how the catalog sales business first got started in
the US. A Chicago retailer, Montgomery Ward started it in the late 1800s. (2) It was really popular among
farmers. It was difficult for them to make it from the big city stoves so they ordered from catalogs.
M：
 Was Ward the only one in the business?
W：
 At first. But another person named Richard Sears started his own catalog after he heard how much money Ward
was making.
M：
 What made them so popular?
W ：
 Farmers trusted Ward and Sears for one thing. They delivered the products the farmers paid for and even refunded
the price of things the farmers weren't satisfied with. (3-1) The catalogs became so popular that some countiy
school toochers even used them as textbooks.
M：
 Textbooks?
W：
 Yeah. (3-2)Students practice spelling the names and adding up the prices of things in the catalogs.
六级28

----- PAGE 29 -----
M：
 Was everybody thrilled about them?
W：
 That's doubtful. (4) They drove some small stores out of business. Sears and Ward sold stuff in such large
quantities. They were able to undercut the prices at some small family-owned stores.
1. Why does the man order some filing cabinets? 
B)
2. Why did farmers like to buy things from catalogs? 
C)
3. How did some teachers make use of catalogs? 
A)
4. What is the influence of catalogs on small stores? 
D)
Conversation Two
M：
 Shaking an infant out of anger or frustration can lead to a severe brain damage, even death. A New Jersey
company called Bouncing Babies is making it safer than ever to shake your baby. Joining us now is the founder of
Bouncing Babies, Kelly Timmons. Hi, Kelly.
W ：
 Thanks for having me.
M：
 Kelly, ⑸tell us about this amazing product you've created.
W：
 Well, it's called the Baby Safe Ball, and (6)it keeps your baby one hundred percent safe, no matter how hard you
shake him ou her.
M：
 Yeah, well, it looks like it will make a great shower gift.
W：
 Oh, yes. It's perfect for first-time mothers, and I also recommend it to daycare centers or babysitters, anyone
who's working with a newborn.
M：
 Right, wonderful! So, show us how it works.
W ：
 Well, (7)it uses a technology which keeps the beby upright no mattei how you shove or throw it.
M：
 So the baby's neck won't snap under the weight of its skull being thrown back and forth.
W：
 That's right, exactly. And on the outside, it's got a thick layer of break-resistant material. So you can throw this
thing against the stone wall and it won't crack.
M：
 OK. Oh, it's actually quite light.
W：
 Yes, and it's sound-proof, and there are clowns painted on the inside.
M：
 (8)You know, Kelly, we have had a volunteer's own baby Sam to be used as a demonstrator, so you can show us
exactly how the Baby Safe Ball works.
W：
 ril be glad to.
5. What are the speakers talking about? 
A)
6. What is unusual about the Baby Safe Ball? 
C)
7. What is the position of the baby in the Baby Safe Ball? 
D)
8. What are the two speakers going to do next? 
A)
Section B
<J(^assage One
In January 1989, (9) the Community of European Railways presented their proposal for a high speed pan­
European train network extending from Sweden to Sicily, and from Portugal to Poland by the year 2020. (10) If their
proposal becomes a reality, it will revolutionize train travel in Europe. Journeys between major cities will take half the
time they take today. Brussels will be only one and a half hours from Paris. The quickest way to get from Paris to
Frankfurt, from Barcelona to Madrid will be by train, not plane. When the network is complete, it will integrate
three types of railway line：
 today new high speed lines with trains operating at speeds of 300 kilometers per hour,
upgraded lines which allow for speeds up to 200 to 225 kilometers per hour, and existing lines for local connections and
distribution of freight. If business people can choose between a three-hour train journey from city-center to city-center
and a one-hour flight, they'll choose the train, says an executive travel consultant. They won't go by plane anymore.
六级29

----- PAGE 30 -----
(11) If you calculate flight time, check-in and travel to and from the airport, you'll find almost no difference. And if
your plane arrives late due to bad weather or air traffic jams or strikes, then the train passengers will arrive at their
destination first. (12)Since Franc】 introduced the first 260-kilometer-per-hour high speed train service between Paris
and Lyons in 1981, the trains have achieved higher and higher speeds. On many routes, airlines have lost up to 90% of
their passengers to high speed trains. If people accept the Community of European Railways5 plan, the 21st century
will be the new age of the train.
9. What is the proposal presented by the Community of European Railways? 
D)
10. What will happen when the proposal becomes a reality? 
C)
11. Why will business people prefer a three-hour train journey to a one-hour flight? 
D)
12. When did France introduce the first high speed train service? 
A)
Passage Two
(13) Western doctors are baginning to understand what traditional healers have always known—the body and the
mind are inseparable. Until recently, modern urban physicians heal the body, psychiatrists the mind, and priests the
soul. However, the medical world is now paying more attention to holistic medicine, which is an approach based on the
belief that people's state of mind can make them sick or speed their recovery from sickness. (14) Several studies show that
the effectiveness of a certain drug often depends on the patient's expectations of it. For example, in one recent study,
psychiatrists at a major hospital tried to see how patients could be made calm. They divided them into two groups. One
group was given a drug while the other group received a harmless substance instead of medicine without their knowledge.
Surprisingly, more patients in the second group showed the desired effect than those in the first group. In study after
study, there's a positive reaction in almost one-third of the patients taking harmless substances. How was this possible?
How can such a substance have an effect on the body? (15) Evidence from a 1997 study at the University of California
shows that several patients who received such substances were able to produce their own natural drug, that is, as they took
the substance their brains released natural chemicals that act like a drug. Scientists theorized that the amount of these
chemicals released by a person's brain quite possibly indicates how much faith the person has in his or her doctor.
13. According to the speaker, what are Western doctors beginning to understand? 
C)
14. What does the recent study at a major hospital seem to prove? 
D)
15. What evidence does the 1997 study at the University of California produce? 
B)
Section C
Recordjng One
Have you tried recycling? Sometimes recycling can involve putting things to good use that you no longer want.
(16)Instead of throwing something out, think about the ways that you can recycle it and brighten someone else's life.
As Americans, we sometimes take something as important as shoes for granted. When we don't like the pair we
have or they get a small hole in them, we will usually throw them out and buy new ones. But instead of throwing them
out, you can recycle your shoes and even save a life. When you donate your old shoes to charity, you are helping
nearly 300 million children around the world who do not have any shoes at all. (17) It is estimated that the lack of
proper footwear causes the deaths of up to one million of those children. That is how your recycled shoes can save lives.
Technology changes rapidly these days, and many people do what they can to keep up. A common practice is for
people to throw any old laptops or cell phones in a drawer and then move on to buying a new one. But you can sell that
old cell phone or computer and use that money to buy a new iPhone. (18)There are plenty of places that will buy that
old device and let you recycle it into cash. There are also non-for-profit organizations like Cell Phones for Soldiers that
collect donated cell phones. When upgrading your electronics, look for positive ways to discard the old alternatives.
When non-rechargeable batteries die, most people usually throw them away. The batteries that contain metals
such as nickel are recyclable. As a matter of fact, the more hazardous the battery material is, the more likely you will
六级30

----- PAGE 31 -----
be able to have it recycled. (19) Instead of throwing out those dead batteries and unleashing harmful materials into the
environment, find out if your retailer has a battery recycling program. If you cannot recycle them locally, then there
are companies you can mail the batteries to for proper recycling.
Recycling is one of the best ways for anyone to help the environment. You should always check and see if there is
a way to recycle something and preserve our natural resources before throwing it into the garbage. Remember that one
man's trash is another man's treasure.
16. What does the speaker say about recycling? 
A)
17. Why does the speaker say recycling shoes can save lives? 
C)
18. What does the speaker suggest people do with the old device? 
D)
19. What should people do if they cannot recycle dead batteries locally? 
D)
RecordingJTwo
Train and railway expressions worked their way into American English over a century ago. Many of those terms
are still being used today.
(20)Railroads changed the look of the United States. They also gav。many Americans the chance to move around
the country.
Sometimes railroad tracks would not join up in a town but divide into two. If you say someone is from the wrong
side of the tracks, it means they are from the bad side of town. To go off the track means to move away from one's
intended purpose or goal.
For example, you could say your career went way off track if you wanted to be a lawyer but became an actor
instead. But if you go to law school and complete your studies, your career is back on track. Let's say you finished law
school very quickly because you took double the course load. You then could say you fast-tracked your way to becoming
a lawyer. In the world of business, it is common to say a project has been fast-tracked or is on a fast track.
To stay on track means to pay attention to your goal or purpose. But getting sidetracked is just the opposite. A
train that is sidetracked gets sent to a different station or down a different line.
Talking about train tracks, a rail is a single piece of steel that is part of the larger railway. Some rails are
dangerous to touch. The third rail is also an issue which can fuel a heated debate. (21)At a party, religion or politics
could be the third rail topics. Talking about them could kill your social life! When something goes off the rails, it is
always a bad thing. To go off the rails means a person's project or life is a wreck, or—pardon the expression—a train
wreck. When a train reaches its final stop, we say it has reached the end of the line. (22)If you reach the end of the
line you have come to the end of something. Often in old films, this is what the bad guy says just before he kills someone.
20. How did Americans benefit from the railway? 
A)
21. What could be the third rail topics at a party? 
C)
22. What does it mean when we say a man reaches the end of the line? 
B)
Recording Three
Historically, the correlation between education and income has been strong. (23) But in the early 1970s, a
contradiction developed between education and the economy. Our value of education and our average educational
attainment outstripped the capacity of the economy to absorb the graduates.
Experts have argued that this contradiction is at the heart of the problem of public education today. It is not, as
business leaders claim, that the schools are failing to properly educate students, or that they are turning out young
people who are inadequately prepared to function in the workplace. (24) The real problem is a lack of economic
opportunities for students who are not continuing on to college.
College graduates are also having difficulty finding jobs. Even when they do, the jobs may not be in proportion to
their training and expectations. Part of the problem is that too many young Americans aspire to have professional
jobs, making disappointment and frustration inevitable for them. Many students assume that what is true of an
六级31

----- PAGE 32 -----
individual一that the higher the education, the better the job opportunities- will also be true for the entire society. But
when the number of better-educated young people becomes too great, the economy could no longer absorb them.
Another part of the problem is the assumption that greater educational attainment guarantees career
advancement. In fact, employers do not routinely reward educational attainment；
 rather, they reward it only when
they believe it will contribute to the employee's productivity.
We should not overlook the fact that there is still a strong correlation between education, occupation and income.
(25)College graduates have a strong advantage over those with less education. But the payoff is neither as large nor as
certain as it once was.
Unfortunately, Americans have focused so strongly on the economic payoff that many consider their college
education useless if it does not yield a desirable, well-paying job. Only in this sense can we speak of an “oversupply” of
college graduates. We could argue that all or at least the majority of Americans would profit by some degree because
higher education can enable the individual to think more deeply, explore more widely, and enjoy a greater range
of experiences.
23. What is the contradiction between education and the economy since the early 1970s? 
D)
24. What is the real problem causing the contradiction between education and the economy? 
A)
25. What frustrates college graduates in the job market? 
B)
26. G）【精析】形容词辨析题。空格位于比较级指示词
than之前,且空格前面是are,据此推断空格处应
填形容词比较级。根据句意，美国人早餐形式的
改变一是由于生活方式的变化，二是人们认为少
食多餐比三顿大餐。所给形容词中，是
比较级形式的有easier和healthiero easier意为
“更容易的”，与文章意思不符，故排除。选项中
只有healthier“更健康的”符合句意，故为答案。
27. F）【精析】动词辨析题。空格位于名词短语之后，
that引导的从句之前，从句子结构上判断空格所
在句为主谓宾结构,因此空格处应填入动词作谓
语。根据that引导的从句的内容可知，此处表达
的是NPD组织对少食多餐这种生活方式的未来
情况进行的预测，因此应选择estimates“估计”。
28. A）【精析】动词辨析题。根据句意，人们在早上吃点
心的次数在未来十年将会增加23% ,而在下午和
晚上吃点心的次数则会增加20%和15%。此处
是对在不同时段吃点心的次数增加状况进行的
比较,并且该空格位于介词with之前，因此空格
处应填入compared, 构 成短语compared with
sth."与某物相比“。connected作动词时意为
“联系;连接”，与句意不符，故排除。
29. L）【精析】副词辨析题。句中20%和15%两个数字
分别对应下午和晚上两个时间段人们吃点心的
次数增加的百分比，因此空格处应填入
respectively”各自地，依次地"„ particularly 意为
“尤其,特别”，与句意不符，故排除。
30. C）【精析】形容词辨析题。空格位于系动词be和比
较级指示词more之后,且空格之前的health是
名词,故空格处应填一个形容词和more搭配构
成比较级。根据句意，早上吃点心的人会选择热
量低、纤维和抗氧化物含量高的食物和全麦食
物，由此推断这一类人更具有健康意识，因此选
择conscious“有意识的”。
31. J）【精析】形容词辨析题。空格位于系动词is 之
后，由此推断空格处应填入形容词作表语。由句
意可知，早上加餐在美国很新鲜,但在其他很多
国家,如德国，却
是
。结合所给形容词，
只有necessary"必要的”符合题意，故为答案。
32. D）【精析】动词辨析题。空格位于breakfast和of
white sausages之间,且句子缺少谓语动词，由此
推断空格处应填入动词构成主谓宾结构,且所填
动词能够与介词o f 搭配。根据句意，巴伐利亚
传统的早上加餐 
白香肠、椒盐卷饼等，
由此推断空格处应填入consists,和o f构成短语
41 consists o f ...”, 意为"由... 组成"。be made
六级32

----- PAGE 33 -----
o f可表示“由……构成”，但此空格前并无系动
词,故排除made。
33. H）【精析】动词辨析题。空格位于w ill之后,再结合
句子结构,推断此处应填入动词原形。由文章可
知，便携快捷的早餐会 
更多人吃早饭。
所给动词中只有inspire“激励”符合题意，故为答案。
inspire sb. to do sth.意为“激励某人做某事”。
34. O）【精析】名词辨析题。空格位于冠词a 之后，由此
实施者为N P D 组织，结合本句的谓语found,可
推断空格处应填入survey"调查”。supervision
意为“监督”，与句意不符，故排除。
35. M ）【精析】动词辨析题。空格位于宾语从句中，空格
前后均为名词词组，由此推断此处应填入动词作
宾语从句的谓语。由本段第一句可知，便携快捷
的早餐会激励更多人吃早饭。由此推断，以前应
该有很多美国人不吃早饭，因此空格处应填入
判断空格处应填入名词。由空格后的b y 可知， 
skip“不做（本来应做的事）”。
Section B
★答案解析十
36 . 【译文】数学不同于历史,需要通过连续的课程学习。
【定位】由题干中的history和m ath定位到A ）段第
一句。
A）【精析】同义转述题。定位句指出，数学是一门需要
不断积累的学科，不像历史，可以以单元的形式分开
学习。题干中的dissimilar和sequential分别是对定
位句中unlike和cumulative的同义转述，故答案
为A ）。
37 . 【译文】要想帮助女生摆脱性别成见，最好是在她们
出现“女生学不好数学”这种想法之前就开始。
【定位】由题干中的get rid of gender stereotypes及
be good at math as girls定位到G ）段第一句和第
三句。
G）【精析】细节推断题。定位段第一句指出，要帮助女
生摆脱性别成见，必须从她们年幼时就开始;第三句
也提到,在早期的这几年,女生并没有建立“因为我是
女生，数学不适合我”这样的关联。题干由这两句推
断得来，故答案为G ）。
38 . 【译文】新研究表明，男女生分开上数学课和科学课
可能会对女生产生与预期目的相反的负面影响。
【定位】由题干中的single-sex math and science
classes定位到B）段最后两句。
B）【精析】同义转述题。定位句指出，新研究发现，男女
生分开上数学课和科学课这种在过去20年中一直被
认为可行的办法有可能造成事与愿违的结果。题干
中的 single-sex math and science classes 即定位句中
的 th e y ,题干中的 are opposite to the intended
purpose是对定位句中的backfire的同义转述，故答
案为B ）。
39 . 【译文】研究者建议，在职业教育中应鼓励孩子去思
考科学家做什么，而不去讨论性别差异。
【定位】由题干中的gender differencess teaching
about occupations 和 what scientists do 定位至ll H ）段
第二、三句。
H）【精析】同义转述题。定位句指出，在进行职业教育
时,我们应该讨论科学家做什么样的事情,而不说“女
生可以当科学家”。题干中的rather than talking
about gender differences 是对定位句中 take gender
out of the equation的同义转述，故答案为H ）。
40 . 【译文】在男女分开教育的科学课上，女生很少有机
会参与辩论,而辩论是科学思维的关键。
【定位】由题干中的 few opportunities, argument 和
scientific thinking定位到C ）段第三、四句。
C）【精析】同义转述题。由第四句可知，格拉瑟认为辩
论是科学思维的关键，而女生没有学会像男生那样辩
论。再由第三句可知，这是因为在课堂上老师鼓励男
生反复质疑老师,而女生较少有这样的经历。题干中
的 girls are offered few opportunities 是对定位句中
girls had many fewer such experiences 的同义转述，
crucial to scientific thinking 是对定位句中 the key
to scientific thinking的同义转述，故答案为C ）。
41 . 【译文】尽管女教师可以作为榜样在数学和科学课堂
上引导女生,但家长应该注意女教师是否有数学焦虑
问题。
【定位】由题干中的role models和teachers' math
anxiety定位到I ）段第一句。
I）【精析】同义转述题。定位句指出，女教师能作为榜
样在数学和科学课堂上引导女生,家长也应该注意教
师是否有数学焦虑问题。题干中的pay attention to
是对定位句中be on the lookout fo r 的同义转述，故
答案为D 。
42 . 【译文】男女生分开教学的模式加深了性别成见，也
使性别歧视看起来是可接受的。
【定位】由题干中的 sex stereotyping 和 sexism 定位
六级33

----- PAGE 34 -----
到D）段第二句。
D）【精析】同义转述题。由定位句可知，由八位著名心
理学家和神经学家进行的研究表明，男女分开教育加
深了性别成见，而且使已形成风气的性别歧视显得正
当。题干中的sex stereotyping是对定位句中gender
stereotyping的同义转述，题干中的makes sexism
seem acceptable 是对定位句中 legitimizes
institutional sexism的同义转述，故答案为D）。
43 . 【译文】贝洛克认为,大学层次的所有专业学生中，基
础教育专业学生的数学焦虑水平最高。
【定位】由题干中的Beilock和highest math anxiety
level定位到1）段最后一句。
I）【精析】同义转述题。由定位句可知，贝洛克认为，大
学层次的所有专业学生中，基础教育专业学生的数学
焦虑水平最高。题干与定位句意思一致，故答案
为I）。
44 . 【译文】性别成见威胁会影响女生在实际情形下的
表现。
【定位】由题干中的stereotype threat定位至I」E）段第
二句。
E）【精析】同义转述题。定位句后半句指出，性别成见
威胁会影响女生在实际情形下的表现。题干中的
“restrains... from”对应定位句中的 has a dampening
effect o n , 题干中的 performing well in real
situations 对应定位句中的 their actual performance,
故答案为E）。
45 . 【译文】反对性别成见需要用比现在的方法更加复杂
的方法。
【定位】由题干中的 fighting against gender stereotyping
定位到K）段第一句。
K）【精析】同义转述题。定位句后半句指出，反对性别
成见需要用比现行方法更加复杂的方法。题干中的
44 instead of using the current approaches. .. more
sophisticated approaches” 是对定位句 中 more
sophisticated approaches than those we now use 的同
义转述，题干中的needs是对定位句中requires的同
义转述，故答案为K）。
Section C
°
 Passage One
★答案解析十
46 . 【定位】根据题干中的the Alzheimer's Association
and the National Alliance for Caregiving 定位到首段
首句。
A）【精析】推理判断题。根据定位句可知，男性家庭护
理者从十年前的19%增加到了现在的近40%。由此
可以推断,更多的男性正在参与到家庭护理的行列之
中，因此答案为A）。
47 . 【定位】根据题干中的socially isolated和Donna
Wagner定位到第二段第二至四句。
C）【精析】推理判断题。定位句指出，男性很少有与自
己经历类似的朋友，人际交往也只限于工作场所。由
此可以推断，他们有被隔离的感觉主要是因为他们几
乎找不到可以与他们交流、分享经历的人，因此答案
为C）。
48 . 【定位】根据题干中的Donna Wagner和conflict定
位到第三段第二、三句。
A）【精析】推理判断题。定位句指出，唐娜• 瓦格纳博
土通过研究发现,男性很少利用员工援助项目，由此
推断她的研究中涉及男性利用员工援助项目来解决
护理父母和扮演其他社会角色之间矛盾的方法，因此
答案为A）。
49 . 【定位】根据题干中的Matt Kassin和unwilling定位
到第三段最后三句。
D）【精析】推理判断题。根据定位句可知，马特• 卡辛
认为公司雇用他是希望他能专心工作，他不希望让别
人觉得自己有分心的事情影响他在工作上的表现。
因此,答案为D）。
50 . 【定位】根据题干中的concerns和Louis Colbert定
位到末段最后两句。
O
【精析】细节辨认题。定位句指出，路易斯•考伯特
发现，男性护理者有不同于女性的担忧，他们希望自
己作为护理者的角色能得到认同。因此,答案为C）。
★全文翻译十
（46）据阿尔茨海默病协会和全美护理联盥估计，现在从事家庭护理的人中有近40% 是男性。而十年前由阿尔茨
海默病协会进行的调查表明,当时这一比例为19%。目前大约有1 700万男性正在从事成人护理工作。女性仍然承担
六级34

----- PAGE 35 -----
着家庭看护的大部分工作,特别是像洗澡和穿衣这样很私密的事情。很多女性抱怨说，她们的兄弟只需在家里露个脸
就会被当作英雄。但是，随着家庭越来越小及越来越多的女性从事全职工作，许多男性别无选择，只能承担起对他们父
辈来说完全陌生的角色。
通常，他们在女性护理人员面前相形见细，还要面对上司、朋友、支持机构甚至父母异样的眼光—
他们认为护理
根本就是女性应该做的事情。男性护理者更有可能感到对这一角色准备不足，并在社会上被孤立，而且他们不大会像
女性那样寻求帮助。(47)唐娜• 瓦格纳博士是陶森大学老年学研究主任，也是为数不多的研究儿子照顾父母的人员之
一。她指出，“女性也会感到与外界隔绝，但男性与外界的联系似乎更少。男性不大可能找到与自己经历类似的朋友,
他们平常与人打交道多是因为工作。”
过去几代男性或许会说自己成功地养活了全家或者养育了儿女。(48)现在，有些男性说他们对护理父母和扮演其
他角色之间产生的矛盾感到担忧。唐娜• 瓦格纳博士对《财富》500强之中的三家公司进行了研究，她发现，男性不大
可能求助于公司为护理人员提供的员工援助项目，因为他们害怕会因此遭到怨恨。她说：“即便公司支持这个项目，上
司也可能会有异议。”(49)5 1 岁的马特• 卡辛在一家大公司工作，公司的福利非常好，他的老板一直都通情达理。但他
还是不愿意谈起自己在护理老人，因为他认为“用人单位雇用男性员工是期望他们把全部的精力用在工作上”。而他不
想让人认为他有分心的事影响工作表现。
宾夕法尼亚特拉华县的老人服务办公室负责人路易斯• 考伯特指出，对很多男性来说，这一新角色意味着他们要
放弃自己是专家的自我形象。自8 4 岁的母亲患阿尔茨海默病以来，考伯特就和兄弟姐妹们一起照顾母亲。他每年都
会为护理老人的男性组织一次聚会。(50)他说，男性的担忧和互助小组中女性的担忧不一样。他说：“非常明显，他们
说希望自己作为护理者的角色能得到认同，因为整体而言，我们的社会忽略了男性护理者」
C  Passage Two
★答案解析十
51 . 【定位】根据题干中的P300和John Meixner and
Peter Rosenfeld定位到第二段最后口■句。
A ) 【精析】推理判断题。第二段介绍两位心理学家通过
对2 9 名大学生脑电波的扫描确认了很多犯罪细节。
由定位句可知，通过观察P300这种脑电波，他们发现
受试者认出了某种熟悉的东西。由此推断，P300是
人脑对外界刺激的一种反应。因此,答案为A )。
52 . 【定位】根据题干中的w hy和law enforcement定位
到第四段第二、三句。
B ) 【精析】细节辨认题。定位句提到，世界上还没有哪
个国家把P300作为正式的执法工具，原因之一是如
果调查人员不知道他们要努力确认哪些信息,就很难
利用这种技术。因此,答案为B )。
53 . 【定位】根据题干中的"confounding factors”定位到
倒数第二段第一句。
D ) 【精析】推理判断题。解答本题的关键在于理解定位
句中的“is vulnerable to ... ”的意思。定位句意思是,
P300很容易受被科学家称为“混淆因素”的影响。由
此推断,P300的局限性会对研究结果产生影响，因此
答案为D )。
54 . 【定位】根据题干中的be mademore accurate 定位至ll
最后一■段最后一■句O
D ) 【精析】细节辨认题。由定位句可知，提高P300准确
性的一个方法是增加出示给嫌疑人的细节的数量。
D)是对定位句的同义转述，故为答案。
55 . 【定位】本题考查文章的题目，应通读全文。
C ) 【精析】主旨大意题。本文第一段统领全文，引出通
过解读恐怖分子的想法打击犯罪这一主题。接下来
的几段提出P300这一研究内容，并分析了其局限性、
发展潜力及改进方法。由此可见本文题目应该为C )。
★全文翻译十
如果我们能读懂恐怖分子的想法，将会怎样？芝加哥西北大学的研究人员表示，他们已经向这一现实迈近了 一步。
他们做了一个实验,通过分析脑电波揭露人心中的邪恶计划。
在发表于《心理生理学》杂志的一份研究报告中，心理学家约翰• 梅克斯纳和皮特• 罗森菲尔德使用电极来测量
2 9 名大学生的脑电波，他们要求这些大学生模拟策划7 月份在休斯敦进行恐怖爆炸袭击，或是另一个月份在其他一个
城市度假。然后研究者让这些学生看写有不同城市的名字、恐怖袭击方式和袭击时间的资料。在学生浏览资料的同
时，研究人员扫描他们的大脑。(51)他们观察一种叫P300的特殊脑电波，P300有此名称是因为它每3 00 毫秒发射一
次,发射这种脑电波表明人辨认出某种熟悉的东西。
六级35

----- PAGE 36 -----
梅克斯纳说:“当你看到一种罕见但对自己有某种意义的事物时，P300的振幅会很大。因此，当我们展示模拟袭击
的地点'休斯敦'这个词时，他们脑中的P300振幅就很大。通过这种方式，我们在1 2 名‘恐怖分子'中总共辨认出
10名。”研究人员还准确匹配了 3 0 个与犯罪相关的细节中的2 0 个，如爆炸方式、具体地点和时间。
早在20世纪80 年代，P300被第一次确认为找出隐藏信息的一种潜在方式。(52)然而，尽管其被誉为可用来代替
测谎试验，但世界上还没有哪个国家将之作为正式的执法工具。原因之一是如果调查人员不知道他们要努力确认哪些
信息，他们就难以利用这一技术。例如:在梅克斯纳和罗森菲尔德的研究中，如果研究人员事先不知道策划袭击的城市
是休斯敦，他们将会很被动，因为那就只能靠运气或者瞎猜来将其列入样本城市的名单中了。
(53)此外,P300很容易受被科学家称为“混淆因素”的影响。例如：在前面的实验中，假如受试者成长于休斯敦，也
就是袭击地点，那么研究人员就很难确定其P300振幅增大的原因了。
不过，梅克斯纳和罗森菲尔德说，尽管这项技术有不少缺点，它仍然比测谎仪更有发展潜力。测谎仪测的是呼吸和
出汗等反应，虽然说这些反应确定会在说谎时被引起，但任何高度紧张的情形，包括仅仅是被警察盘问这件事，都可能
引发这些反应。测谎仪的这一问题是无法解决的，(54)但对于P300来说，只要增加出示给嫌疑人的细节的数量，测试
结果就会更加准确。
P a rt^ ^  Translation
Beijing hutongs, mostly originating from the Yuan dynasty in the 13th century, date back hundreds of years.
Most of the Beijing hutongs run due east and west with their width being no more than nine meters. Hutong culture is
a kind of exclusive culture. The residents are so attached to their hutongs that they are unwilling to move out. Some of
them have been living in the hutongs for several decades, and some even for a few generations. Most houses in the
hutongs are very archaic, with old house purlins and broken brick walls. The roof leaks whenever it rains. When it
rains heavily, people can always hear the sound of houses collapsing in hutongs. But people are reluctant to move,
because a home of our own is priceless.
六级36

----- PAGE 37 -----
The Key to Model Test Five
e Part 
Writing
参考范文
Grammar or Grandma
The picture depicts a scene where a girl asks her grandma to help her with English while calling her “grammar”，
a word similar to “grandma” in pronunciation. Clearly the girl is badly in need of help with her English grammar.
Nowadays some people advocate that grammar is not important in English learning. However, as far as I am
concerned, grammar still plays a vital role in the learning of English.
For one thing, grammar is of great importance in reading and listening comprehension. Only when you
understand the structure of a complicated sentence can you get hold of its meaning. Otherwise, you cannot understand
the sentence even if you know all the words. For another, grammar is also very important in speaking and writing.
Your intentions may not be properly comprehended without correct grammar, which may lead to confusion or perhaps
even conflicts. Therefore, when expressing yourself, you should use not only correct words but also correct grammar.
To sum up, grammar is useful and crucial in both receiving and delivering messages. You should exert yourself to
master grammar in order to have a better command of English.
Parti j l  Listening Comprehension
Section A
Conversation One
W：
 Mr. Kim. Lots of people are suffering from being unable to sleep, including me.
M：
 Well, you must be feeling bad, twisting around, and trying to find a comfortable position. But you're probably
only making matters worse.
W ：
 Really. I thought changing positions would help.
M：
 (1)That's not right. What happens is that your heart rate actually increases, making it more difficult to iclax. You
may also have some bad habits that contribute to the problem.
W ：
 Really? Like what?
M：
 (2-1)Do you rest frequently during the day? Do you get virtually no exercise, or do you exercise too much late in
the day? Do you sleep a lot or sleep late on weekends?
W：
 You're talking about me! I'm leading a life like that. I guess lots of people do like this.
M：
 (2-2)Haha! Any of these facts might be leading to your insomnia by disrupting your body's natural rhythm.
W ：
 What should we do then on those sleepless nights? Should we take some sleeping pills?
M：
 (3)Don't bother with sleeping pills；
 they can actually cause worse insomnia later.
W：
 I thought sleeping pills would help. (4-1) What're your suggestions for our audiences?
M：
 The best thing to do is to drink milk or eat cheese or tuna fish. They are all rich in amino acid that helps produce
a substance in the brain that induces sleep. This substance will help you relax. And you'll be on the way to get a
good night's sleep.
W：
 I'm so excited to hear all this. (4-2)1 guess many of us will change our way of life since they have listened to ouc talk.
六级37

----- PAGE 38 -----
M：
 Your sleeping will become better and better if you insist.
W：
 I'm sure I will! (4-3)Thank you much for your advice and thanks for joining us this evening!
M：
 It's my pleasure.
1. According to the man, what happens when you turn and twist to get comfortable? 
B)
2. According to the man, what sometimes causes people to have trouble sleeping? 
A)
3. What does the man say about sleeping pills? 
A)
4. Where is the talk most probably happen? 
C)
Conversation Two
W：
 (5)What do you think about the movie?
M：
 Well.. . (6)1 think Harry Potter N is an excellent piece of work. But it is not as good as the previous ones.
W：
 Really? I don't agree. I think it is incredible!
M：
 Why do you think so?
W：
 (7-1) Well, one of the most spectacular things about it is the special effects.
M：
 (7-2) You're right. The special effects create so many fantastic settings and mysterious costumes, weapons and
creatures. They are vital to the success of this movie.
W ：
 It's kind of cool that they still use the theme song for this movie.
M：
 Yeah! It reminds me of the previous scenes.
W ：
 I know exactly what you mean! Hearing that song makes me feel homesick.
M：
 I think the overall plot of the movie is very interesting. But I don't think the character development is that strong.
They just don't have a lot of funny or meaningful dialogues. (8)The writing is a little boring and this may bn the
only one weakness of this movie.
W ：
 Well, maybe. But I like the little kid who plays young “Anakin Sky walker. " I can't imagine anyone else playing
that role.
M：
 I like him, too. He's so cute! You know, even though I am slightly disappointed, I can't wait for the next
episode. I wonder when they're going to start making it and when it's scheduled for release.
W ：
 I have no idea. But I hope it'll be even better than this one.
M：
 I hope so, too.
5. What are the two speakers talking about? 
A)
6. What does the man think of Harry Potter V? 
D)
7. What does the man think are vital to the success of this movie? 
B)
8. According to the man, what is the weakness of this movie? 
C)
Section B
passage One
The new year always brings with it a cultural tradition of new possibilities. (9) We see it as a chance fo〉renewal.
We begin to dream of new possible selves. We design our ideal self or an image that is quite different from what we are
now. For some of us, we roll that dreamy film in our heads just because it's the beginning of a new year. But we aren't
serious about making changes. We just make some half-hearted resolution and it evaporates after a week or two. The
experience makes us feel less successful and leads us to discount our ability to change in the future. (10) It's not that
change is impossible but that it won't last unless our resolutions are supported with plans for implementation. We have
to make our intentions manageable by detailing the specific steps that will carry us to our goal. Say your goal is to lose
weight by dieting and cutting off sweets. But one night you just have to have a cookie. And you know there's a bag of
your favorites in the cupboard. You want one, you eat two, you check the bag and find out you've just shot 132
calories. You say to yourself, “What the hell!” and polish off the whole bag. Then you begin to draw all kinds of
六级38

----- PAGE 39 -----
unpleasant conclusions about yourself. To protect your sense of self, you begin to discount the goal. You may think
“Well, dieting wasn't that important to me and I won't make it anyhow. ” (11)So you abandon the goal and return to
your bad habits.
9. What do people usually wish to do at the beginning of a new year? 
A)
10. How can people turn their new year's resolutions into reality? 
D)
11. Why does the speaker mention the example of sweets and cookies? 
D)
e
 Passage Two
Americans suffer from an overdose of work. Regardless of who they are or what they do, Americans spend more
time at work than at any time since World War H . In 1950, the US had fewer working hours than any other
industrialized country. (12)Today, it exceeds every country but Japan where industrial employees 10ad 2 155 hours a
year compared with 1 951 in the US and 1 603 in the former West Germany. Between 1969 and 1989, employed
Americans added an average of 138 hours to their yearly work schedules. (\3 )The workweek has remained at above
40 hours. But people are working more weeks each year. Specifically pay-time-off holidays, vacations, sick leave
shrank by 50% in the 1980s. (14) As corporations have experienced stiff (激烈的)competition and slower growth of
productivity, they have pressed employees to work longer. Cost-cutting lay-offs in the 1980s reduced the professional
and managerial ranks, leaving fewer people to get the job done. In lower paid occupations where wages have been
reduced, workers have added hours in overtime or extra jobs to preserve their living standards. The government
estimates that more than 7 million people hold a second job. (15)For the first time, large numbers of people say they
want to cut back on working hours even if it means earning less money. But most employers are unwilling to let them
do so. The government which has stepped back from its traditional role as a regulator of work time should take steps to
make shorter hours possible.
12. In which country do industrial employees work the longest hours? 
B)
13. How do employed Americans manage to work more hours? 
D)
14. Why do corporations press their employees to work longer hours according to the speaker? 
A)
15. What does the speaker say many Americans prefer to do? 
C)
Section C
C  Recording One
The first year of college is one of the best and the most interesting periods of life. You should be strong enough to
step into the next stage of your life without doubts and hesitations. On the one hand, it can be stressing to leave your
town and start communicating with the people you don't know, but when you get used to the atmosphere, you'll really
appreciate and love the time spent in college.
You should find time to reflect on yourself and realize what really interests you. Take the responsibility for
yourself and choose the list of majors you want to study. (16)Sure, you have the right to change the majors during the
course of your college career, but it's desirable to make a right decision faster. If you're not sure what subjects to
choose, then try to visit a couple of classes in order to understand what is better for you.
As far as I know, every respected college has a range of student programs, competitions, and part-time campus
jobs. Plus, you can get acquainted with people who will help you start a successful career. When I was a freshman I
had a chance to take a 4-week course in Europe. Also, many of my friends worked as volunteers at local hospitals.
One of the hardest things to do is to organize a student's life. I want you to know that the most important thing to
do is to find the balance in various activities of your life. It's very difficult to deal with different subjects and students5
organizations at the same time. (17) First of all, you nned to learn how to manage your time, because it is a key
component to academic success. Then you'll be able to organize your study, social and private life.
Nowadays all college campuses offer you a big variety of student organizations. (18) Different social and sport
六级39

----- PAGE 40 -----
organizations can help you express yourself and discover your interests. As a student, the first course you need is to
make friends and get involved in different student communities. Your membership will improve your reputation in
college and fill your busy student's life with new emotions and adventures.
Your study at college can be tough, but this period of life is the most colorful. (19) During your study, you
develop your personality and meet new friends. Moreover, you can have fun, fall in love and enjoy the greatest four
years of your life.
I hope this speech will rid you of all fears which keep you anxious about your first year. You need to remember
that you are the only one who's responsible for your study. That's why you should learn how to manage your time and
balance both college and private life.
16. What does the speaker suggest we do with our majors? 
A)
17. What is the key component to academic success? 
C)
18. What can help college students discover their interests? 
B)
19. What does the speaker say about college life? 
D)
，Recordjng Two^
Students in American schools learn from an early age to give presentations as part of their regular classroom
activities. Children as young as five years old often give brief talks about objects they bring to school一called “show
and tell." This training is a basis for later public speaking.
Even so, many native English-speaking adults are afraid to speak or give presentations in front of a large group.
(20)Speaking English in public meetings is necessary for many students and employees. The best way to improve is to
practice public speaking in a friendly environment. Learners need to receive feedback about what they are doing well
and about their mistakes. One group that gives members the chance to practice is Toastmasters, which is an
international organization that holds weekly meetings. At the meetings, members each give a speech and give others
advice about their speeches and speaking style.
Charles LeBeau is a public-speaking professor and consultant. He began his career in Japan in 1982. Currently,
he teaches at two universities and at the Toshiba International Training Centre. He has also written books on the
subject. (21) English language learners around the world use his book Speaking of Speech, which tells about a method
of teaching public speaking for non-native speakers. Mr. LeBeau says a simple approach helps English learners, which
is to simplify and break it down. First, there are basically three messages that the presenter is giving the audience, all
simultaneously. The first is physical message. Physical message is basically body language. It's the way that our body,
as a speaker, is talking to the audience. And then there's also the visual message. The visual message is the slides that
we now make and show the audience. The third message is the story message. (22)The story message is the content of
our presentation. So another way we can think of the story message is that it's the verbal message；
 it's what we say to
the audience. The story message also includes how we organize our ideas to present to the audience.
20. What's the best way to improve English speaking? 
A)
21. What's Mr. LeBeau^ approach to teaching public speaking for non-native speakers? 
C)
22. What's the story message? 
D)
Recording Three
Insects and diseases that attack food crops are moving as risen temperatures bring changes to the environment.
(23)Plant diseases alone destroy an estimated 10 to 16 percent of the world's crops in the field, experts say, and plant
diseases destroy another 6 to i2 percent after harvest.
A new study examines the movement of crop pests and diseases, and how it will affect agricultural production
worldwide.
Dan Bebber is a senior research fellow at the University of Exeter in Britain. He says research has shown that
wild plants and animals are moving toward Earth's North and South poles as the planet warms.
六级40

----- PAGE 41 -----
Mr. Bebber wanted to know if the same thing was happening with organisms that attack agricultural crops. He
examined reports of first sightings of new insects and diseases around the world. The records came from CABI- the
Centre for Agricultural Bioscience International. He says the group began collecting information from developing and
industrialized countries years ago.
(24) Dan Bebber and his reseaich team studied 612 different organisms—from viruses and bacteria to insects like
beetles and butterflies. They found that since 1960, crop pests and diseases have been moving toward the poles at an
average rate of about 3 kilometers each year. Mr. Bebber says this puts the most productive farmland in the world
in danger.
As new species of pests and diseases evolve and potentially the environment for them becomes more amenable at
higher latitudes, the pressure on the breadbasket of the world is going to increase.
Farmers face other threats. Invasive species passed through trade are also causing problems. Gene Kritsky is an
entomologist at the College of Mount St. Joseph in Ohio. He specializes in the study of insects. (25)He says climate
change may improve conditions for some invasive species. It means that species in other parts of the world that might
do well in warmer temperatures can now do well in the breadbasket of America.
Another entomologist Christian Krupke of Purdue University says the effects of these changes will depend very
much on the crop, the insect and the disease. But he says the research is a warning sign that people should care about
climate change and do something about it.
23. How bad are plant diseases to the crops? 
D)
24. What did Dan Bebber and his research team study? 
C)
25. What does Gene Kritsky say about climate change? 
B)
Part 
Reading Comprehension
Section A
★答案解析十
26. M）【精析】形容词辨析题。根据句意可知，亚特兰
大儿童医疗保健中心的医生治疗儿童由肥胖引
起的并发症，空格处应当是对“并发症”一词的修
饰限定，而空格后又有介词to,故推断应填入形
容词或动词的过去分词作后置定语。结合所给
选项,related可以和介词to 搭配，意为“和...
有关系的"，符合题意。contributed to 意为“致
力于，贡献”，不符合句意，故排除。
27. C）【精析】名词辨析题。空格位于一个插入成分
中，该插入成分开头为冠词a ,故判断其应为名
词短语，因此空格处应填入名词。后面一句提到
了 the first phase of the campaign,故推断空格
处应填入campaign”运动;活动”。
28. L）【精析】动词辨析题。空格位于不定式标志词to
之后，因此空格处应填入动词原形。根据上下
文，该中心开展的活动旨在引起人们对儿童肥胖
问题的关注，因此这项活动的参与者必然包括父
母和儿童，故应选reach “被听至V 看到”。
interact意为“相互影响；交流”，为不及物动词，
而spark意为“激起”，两项均不符合句意，故均
排除。
29. O）【精析】动词辨析题。空格位于and之后，从结
构上推断该空格和名词conversation 一起与
raise awareness构成并列结构，因此空格处应填
人动词原形和raise保持一致。根据句意可知，
该运动的第一阶段为“警示”广告，旨在引起人们
的关注和 
人们讨论儿童肥胖问题。结
合所给动词，spark “激起”符合题意，故为答案。
30. N）【精析】形容词辨析题。空格位于冠词和名词之
间，故推断应填入形容词作定语。此处要表达的
是“研究中一个 
发现是……工结合研
究发现的内容，即由th at引导的表语从句的内
容可知，此研究发现应该是remarkable"非凡的,
显著的"。apparent"显而易见的”不符合句意，
故排除。
31. D）【精析】形容词辨析题。空格位于were和介词
六级41

----- PAGE 42 -----
about之间，故推断应填入形容词，且该形容词 
“记录”符合句意和语法要求，故为答案。
必须能够和about搭配。根据句意可知，此处表
达的是“只有36% 的父母 
孩子的体
重”。因此,答案为concerned“担忧的”。
32. B）【精析】形容词辨析题。由空格前面的this和空
格后的disconnect判断，空格处应填入形容词修
饰名词。由上一段可知,96%的受访者认为儿童
肥胖是一个严重问题，但只有36%的家长担心
孩子的体重,这是一种明显的脱节，故本题答案
为apparent”显而易见的"。fatal意为“致命的；
灾难性的”，与句意不符，故排除。
33. F）【精析】动词辨析题。空格位于has been之后，
据此判断应填入及物动词的过去分词表被动。
该被动句的主语是disconnect, 因此填入的动词
必须能与之相搭配。备选项中只有documented
34. G）【精析】副词辨析题。空格位于被动结构being
affected之间，且句子成分完整，故判断空格处
应填入副词对动词进行修饰。根据句意可知，错
误的自我抵抗力认知会使人 
患肺癌、皮
肤癌和艾滋病。因此,答案为easily“容易地”。
immediately意为“立即，马上”，不符合逻辑，故
排除。
35. A）【精析】名词辨析题。空格位于形容词physical
后，由physical前面的并列连词and判断，空格
处应填入名词和physical搭配，与healthy
eating构成并列结构。根据句意,这一项目包含
去学校和孩子们分享健康饮食和体育
的重要性，因此空格处应填入activity“活动”。
Section B
★答案解析十
36 . 【译文】一些心理学家认为，亲密的友谊可以提供强
有力的情感支持和安全感。
【定位】由题干中的emotional support and security
定位到D段第一句。
I）【精析】同义转述题。由定位句可知，一些心理学家
对校方阻止亲密友谊的态度感到担忧，他们认为亲密
的友谊会带来强有力的情感支持和安全感。题干中
的offer是对定位句中comes w ith的同义转述，故答
案为I）。
37 . 【译文】由于安排玩耍时间的复杂性，施里夫斯女士
的小儿子并不经常和他最好的玩伴一起玩。
【定位】由题干中的Ms. Shreeves's younger son 和
scheduling play dates定位到B）段倒数第二、三句。
B）【精析】同义转述题。由定位句可知，施里夫斯女士
8 岁的小儿子并不经常和他最好的玩伴一起玩，因为
安排玩耍时间非常复杂,通常需要提前一周或更长时
间。题干是对定位句的同义转述，故答案为B）。
38 . 【译文】帕蒂• 金尼认为，校方并没有反对孩子有亲
密友谊，只是在努力帮他们和所有同学社交。
【定位】由题干中的Patti Kinney和socialize with定
位到K）段第二句。
K）【精析】细节推断题。由定位句可知，帕蒂•金尼认
为，校方并没有阻止学生们交朋友，他们只是给予学
生们机会用不同的方法去和其他同学社交。由此可
知，帕蒂• 金尼认为，校方所做的只是帮助孩子跟所
有的同学社交而已。题干是对定位句的推断,故答案
为K）。
39 . 【译文】对校领导来说，太过亲密的友谊可能很麻烦，
部分原因在于这可能会导致学生们拉帮结派或者欺
负其他同学。
【定位】由题干中的cliques和bullying定位到E ）段
第三句。
E）【精析】同义转述题。由定位句可知，校领导认为，太
过亲密的友谊有潜在危险，部分原因在于学生可能会
拉帮结派或者欺负其他同学。题干中的can be
troublesome 是对定位句中 signals potential trouble
的同义转述，其余内容与定位句信息基本一致，故答
案为E）。
40 . 【译文】汤普森博士认为，大人们不应该干预孩子，而
应让他们自己经历正常的社交疼痛。
【定位】由题干中的Dr. Thompson, normal social
pain和intervention定位到J）段第二至六句。
J）【精析】细节归纳题。由定位句可知，汤普森博士认
为，即使过分亲密的友谊带来了某些负面影响，那也
是孩子应该经历的正常的社交疼痛，大人们不应该干
预。题干中的 without the intervention of adults 是
对定位句中you shouldn;t b e 的同义转述，故答案
为J）。
41 . 【译文】克里斯汀• 莱科布认为大人应该阻止孩子对
朋友有过强的占有欲。
六级42

----- PAGE 43 -----
【定位】由题干中的Christine Laycob和possessive
about friends定位到F）段第二、三句。
F）【精析】细节推断题。由定位句可知，克里斯汀•莱
科布提到，大人应该让孩子跟大集体一起玩，让他们
不要对朋友有过强的占有欲。题干中的discourage
kids from being possessive 是对定位句 中“ get
them.. . not to be so possessive”的同义转述，故答案
为F）。
42 . 【译文】布雷特• 劳尔森鼓励孩子拥有亲密的友谊而
不是肤浅的友谊。
【定位】由题干中的Brett Laursen和superficial ones
定位到D段第二至五句。
I）【精析】细节归纳题。由定位句可知，布雷特•劳尔森
认为我们应该希望孩子拥有亲密的友谊而不是肤浅
的友谊。题干是对定位句的归纳，故答案为D 。
43 . 【译文】许多育儿专家提倡孩子像马修和玛格丽特那
样和一群孩子一起玩。
【定位】由题干中的in a p ack 和 Matthew and
Margaret定位到G）段第一句。
G）【精析】同义转述题。由定位句可知，许多育儿专家
认为交朋友最理想的情况应该是像马修和玛格丽特
这对双胞胎那样和一群人一i起玩耍。题干中的
advocate 是对定位句中 the ideal situation might well
b e 的同义转述，故答案为G）。
44 . 【译文】如果一段亲密的友谊带来了负面影响，校领
导将采取措施将这对亲密的朋友分开。
【定位】由题干中的 adverse effects 和 separate 定位
到L）段第一句和最后一句。
L）【精析】细节归纳题。由L）段可知，校方密切注意亲
密的友谊可能会带来的负面影响，一旦真的产生负面
影响，他们会采取措施将这样的朋友分开。题干是对
L）段内容的概述，故答案为L）。
45 . 【译文】在廷伯莱克夏令营，宿营者不允许过分依赖
某个朋友。
【定位】由题干中的Timber Lake Camp和relying on
one friend定位到H）段第二句和倒数第三句。
H）【精析】细节归纳题。由H）段可知，廷伯莱克夏令营
聘用专业的“友谊教练”来帮助宿营者同夏令营里的
所有孩子交朋友,他们采取了一些措施避免过分亲密
友谊的产生。该段倒数第三句提到其负责人的一句
话:“我认为孩子过分依赖某个朋友是不太健康的。”
题干是对H）段的概述，故答案为H）。
Section C
Passage One
★答案解析十
46 . 【定位】根据题干中的the memoirs of Henry Sibson
定位到第一段。
O
【精析】细节辨认题。定位段提到,人们在19世纪英
国雕塑家亨利• 西布森的回忆录中发现的线索表明，
雨果的小说《巴黎圣母院》中的人物卡西莫多并非作者
的虚构想象,而是有现实原型的。因此,答案为C）。
47 . 【定位】根据题干中的the references to the
hunchbacked sculptor定位到第二段末句。
D）【精析】细节辨认题。第二段指出，这些文件最早是
在康沃尔郡的一栋房屋阁楼上发现的，之后,泰特档
案馆于1999年获得这些档案，然而直到今年档案馆
成立4 0 周年前夕，工作人员在给这些回忆录编目录
时,才发现了卡西莫多的原型。因此,答案为D）。
48 . 【定位】根据题干中的Adrian Glew和look into定位
到第四段。
D）【精析】细节辨认题。定位段指出，当艾德里安•格鲁
看到回忆录中提到这位在巴黎圣母院工作的驼背雕
塑家,并看到日期与雨果对巴黎圣母院表现出兴趣的
时间相吻合时，他觉得应该调查一下。因此，答案
为D）。
49 . 【定位】根据题干中的the publication of The
Hunchback of Notre D a m e 定位到第五段最后一句。
A）【精析】细节辨认题。定位句提到，《巴黎圣母院》的
出版不仅使雨果成为法国最著名的作家之一,也使人
们普遍认为它促成了 1844年巴黎圣母院的哥特式重
修。题干中的was thought to result in 是对定位句中
was widely credited with prompting 的同义转述，故
答案为A）。
50 . 【定位】根据题干中的Professor Sean Hand定位到最
后一段。
B）【精析】推理判断题。最后一段提到，雨果研究专家
肖恩• 汉德认为，这一发现非常令人着迷，听起来也
完全可信,如果雨果真是从这位石匠身上找到了写作
的灵感，只能令人更欣赏他从现实生活中提取素材并
使之成为文学杰作组成部分的能力。由最后一句中
的plausible"似乎是真的”可推断答案为B）。
六级43

----- PAGE 44 -----
★全文翻译十
（46）19世纪英国雕塑家亨利• 西布森的回忆录中有线索表明，维克多• 雨果的小说《巴黎圣母院》中的悲情主角
卡西莫多是基于一位历史人物塑造出来的。西布森在这本书创作前后受聘于巴黎圣母院，他描述说有一位驼背的石匠
也在那里工作。
（47）人们在一栋位于康沃尔郡的房屋阁楼中发现了这些档案，之后，泰特档案馆于1999年获得这些档案。不过,
直到今年档案馆成立4 0 周年前夕，工作人员在给这些回忆录编目录时，才发现其中提到了在巴黎圣母院工作的“驼背
雕塑家”。
19世纪2 0 年代，西布森受承包商雇用修复巴黎圣母院大教堂，这个七卷本的回忆录记录了他在巴黎度过的那段时
光。在工作期间，他遇上了雕工图拉真，图拉真在一位政府雕塑家手下工作，关于这位政府雕塑家，西布森不记得他的
名字，只知道他驼背，而且不喜欢与其他雕工待在一起。在之后的一个条目里，西布森再次提到这位雕塑家，这次回忆
起他的名字为“Le Bossu先生”，Le Bossu在法语中表示“驼背”。
（48）艾德里安• 格鲁是泰特档案馆的档案保管员，他发现了卡西莫多这个人物的现实原型。他说:“当我看到回忆
录中提到在巴黎圣母院工作的驼背雕塑家，并看到日期与雨果对巴黎圣母院表现出兴趣的时间相吻合时，我脖子后面
的毛发都立了起来，我觉得我应该调查一下。”
雨果于1828年开始创作《巴黎圣母院》，并于三年后完成此书出版。他对巴黎圣母院的修复非常感兴趣，并把建筑
风格作为小说的一个重要主题。雨果曾公开反对最初由建筑家艾蒂安-伊波利特• 戈德主导的对巴黎圣母院的新古典
主义修复计划 
这正是西布森在回忆录中描述的Le Bossu先生和图拉真在做的工作 
而倾向于哥特风格的修复计
划。（49）1831年《巴黎圣母院》的出版使雨果成为法国最著名的作家之一，人们也普遍认为这部小说促成了 1844年巴
黎圣母院的哥特式修复。这次修复由建筑家尤金• 奥莱■■勒■■迪克设计，他是雨果拥护的对象。
沃里克大学法国研究室负责人肖恩•汉德教授是研究雨果的专家，他说：“这一发现令人着迷。许多学者试
图将卡西莫多的畸形与某些疾病相联系，但是我从未看到任何人指出他也许是以某位历史人物为原型创作出来
的。（50）这听起来完全真实可信，如果雨果真是从这位在巴黎圣母院工作的畸形石匠的身上获取了灵感取B就更使我
们欣赏他令人惊讶的想象力，从现实生活中提取素材，并使之成为文学杰作组成部分的能力。”
Passage Two
★答案解析十
53 . 【定位】根据题干中的 current educational terminology
定位到第二段第三句。
B ）【精析】细节辨认题。文章第二段用小说中汤姆打架
的事例引申到现代教育。定位句指出，如果用现代教
育学的术语来描述，那么汤姆不仅是行为不当，甚至
还患有对立违抗性障碍。因此,答案为B ）。
52 . 【定位】根据题干中的conduct disorder定位到第三
段最后一■句。
B ）【精析】细节辨认题。第三段一一列举了汤姆身上让
人不安的性格特点，如不为自己的决定承担责任、挑
衅滋事、不服管理、不够诚实等。定位句提到,最糟的
是他居然逃学，如果是在现在，他可能会被确诊为患
有品行障碍。因此,答案为B ）。
53 . 【定位】根据题干中的the author和reread定位到第
四段前两句，并最终定位到第二句。
D ）【精析】细节辨认题。作者在第四段分析了自己多次
重读《汤姆• 索亚历险记》的感受:莫名其妙地觉得宽
慰。回到现实生活中，她发现注意缺陷障碍（A D H D ）
和对立违抗性障碍（O D D ）早就存在，因此她莫名其
妙地觉得宽慰。因此,答案为D ）。
54 . 【定位】根据题干中的contemporary society定位到
最后一■段。
C ）【精析】细节辨认题。定位段指出，虽然汤姆• 索亚
在书中的结局非常圆满,但现在的孩子显然不会拥有
这样的待遇，他们不能出去闯荡世界，而会被父母送
到心理医生那里接受诊疗并服药。因此,答案为C）。
55 . 【定位】本题考查文章的主要内容，应重点通读第一
段和最后一段内容。
B ）【精析】主旨大意题。本文第一段以小说人物汤
姆•索亚的经历引出现代孩子的行为问题。最后一
段着重分析这类孩子在现代社会会有怎样不同的遭
遇，因此答案为B）。
六级44

----- PAGE 45 -----
★
全
文
翻
译
十
(55)人们都记得《汤姆• 索亚历险记》中汤姆刷篱笆的那一情景。但有多少人记得在那之前的一段情节呢？汤姆
从波莉姨妈那儿逃走之后，正练习着吹口哨时，突然瞥见村子里来了一个“陌生人”，这个人还带着点儿城里人的架势。
他们吵了起来，还在泥地上扭打起来。汤姆赢了，但也因此回家晚了，于是就被罚去粉刷那道著名的篱笆。
这次事件之后，读者都站到了汤姆这边。但想象一下，如果是在今天，人们会如何对待像汤姆• 索亚这样的孩子
呢？(51)据我所知，用现代的教育术语来说，打架这种行为不仅是一种“不当行为”，还是“对立违抗性障碍( O D D ) ”的症
状之一，汤姆的这一症状贯穿全书。而且，汤姆不仅仅是对立违抗性障碍( O D D )患者:根据他在学校无法集中精力的表
现,他显然还患有注意缺陷障碍( A D H D ) 。
实际上，汤姆的许多表现都令人不安。明明是自己的决定失误，汤姆却怪罪同父异母的弟弟，这说明他缺乏为自己
的行为负责的能力。他挑拨生事，常在同龄人中激起众怒。他故意不遵守规则，还总表现出对成年人不屑一顾的样子。
汤姆常常说谎，甚至一度还装死。(52)最恶劣的是，他还逃学—
在今天，这种行为可能会使他被确诊为患有品行
障碍。
我并非一味要说刻薄话。近几年来，我多次重读《汤姆• 索亚历险记》，恰恰是因为吐温对儿童引人入胜的描绘，而
现在我们却以不同的视角来看待孩子们似曾相识的淘气行为。(53)作为几个男孩的妈妈，我居然莫名其妙地觉得宽
慰：注意缺陷障碍( A D H D ) 和对立违抗性障碍( O D D ) 通常都被误认为是近年来才“出现”的问题，但实际上这些性格类
型和特点早就存在了。有一类孩子就是对上学提不起劲。
尽管小说中孩子和家长的这些行为对大家来说并不陌生，但他们周围的社会却与当今社会不尽相同。汤姆• 索亚
最后的结局很圆满。在19世纪的密苏里州，在校烦闷、坐立不安的鲁莽孩子仍然有很多机会：汤姆好奇心强、好动和大
胆鲁莽的性格让他令人厌烦，但也正是这些品质为他赢得了女孩的芳心,并使他找到了宝藏，成了英雄。
(54)今天不合群的孩子却享受不到这一切。他们不能去闯荡世界，反而要被送到心理医生那里接受诊疗并服
药—
如果他们够幸运，父母能够负担得起这笔开销的话。大人们会倾尽全力让他们集中注意力，听从老师的教诲，不
在操场上打架。现在，别无选择。
Part 1^1 Translation
China will slash coal consumption to reduce air pollution. The 2015 — 2020 action plan on the efficient use of coal
underlines the country's efforts and target for green energy use. Reducing coal consumption will involve eliminating
outdated production capacity and using cleaner energy such as nuclear energy, wind energy and solar energy. The
highlight of the action plan is using fiscal and financial policies to support coal consumption cuts by pumping more
funds to battle pollution. China aims to increase its share of non-fossil energy to 20% by 2030.
六级45
