
----- PAGE 1 -----
Part I
2021年06月大学英语六级考试真题（第1 套）
Writing
(30 minutes)
扫码获音频
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay based on the chart
below. You should start your essay with a brief description of the chart and comment on
China's achievements in urbanization. You should write at least 150 words but no more than
200 words.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He will tell the management how he really feels.
B) He will meet his new manager in two weeks.
C) He is going to attend a job interview.
D) He is going to leave his present job.
2. A) It should be kept private.
B) It should be carefully analyzed.
C) It can be quite useful to senior managers.
D) It can improve interviewees Job prospects.
3. A) It may leave a negative impression on the interviewer.
B) It may adversely affect his future career prospects.
C) It may displease his immediate superiors.
D) It may do harm to his fellow employees.
4. A) Prepare a comprehensive exit report.
B) Do some practice for the exit interview.
C) Network with his close friends to find a better employer.
D) Pour out his frustrations on a rate-your-employer website.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 2 -----
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Her unsuccessful journey.
B) Her month-long expedition.
6. A) She had to live like a vegetarian.
B) She was caught in a hurricane.
7. A) A hurricane was coming.
B) A flood was approaching.
8. A) It was memorable.
B) It was unbearable.
C) Her latest documentary.
D) Her career as a botanist.
C) She had to endure many hardships.
D) She suffered from water shortage.
C) They had no more food in the canoe.
D) They could no longer bear the humidity.
C) It was uneventful.
D) It was fruitful.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After
you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It diminishes laymen's interest in science.
B) It ensures the accuracy of their arguments.
C) It makes their expressions more explicit.
D) It hurts laymen's dignity and selfesteem.
10. A) They can learn to communicate with scientists.
B) They tend to disbelieve the actual science.
C) They feel great respect towards scientists.
D) They will see the complexity of science.
11. A) Find appropriate topics. 
C) Explain all the jargon terms.
B) Stimulate their interest. 
D) Do away with jargon terms.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) The local gassy hill might start a huge fire.
B) There was oil leakage along the Gulf Coast.
C) The erupting gas might endanger local children.
D) There were oil deposits below a local gassy hill.
13. A) The massive gas underground. 
C) The sand under the hill.
B) Their lack of the needed skill. 
D) Their lack of suitable tools.
14. A) It rendered many oil workers jobless. 
C) It gave birth to the oil drilling industry.
B) It was not as effective as he claimed. 
D) It was not popularized until years later.
15. A) It radically transformed the state's economy.
B) It resulted in an oil surplus all over the world.
C) It totally destroyed the state's rural landscape.
D) It ruined the state's cotton and beef industries.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you yvill hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第2 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 3 -----
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Unsuitable jobs.
B) Bad managers.
C) Insufficient motivation.
D) Tough regulations.
17. A) Ineffective training.
B) Toxic company culture.
C) Lack of regular evaluation.
D) Overburdening of managers.
18. A) It collected feedback from both employers and employees.
B) It was conducted from frontline managers5 point of view.
C) It provided meaningful clues to solving the problem.
D) It was based only on the perspective of employees.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It is seeing an automation revolution.
B) It is bringing prosperity to the region.
C) It is yielding an unprecedented profit.
D) It is expanding at an accelerating speed.
20. A) It exhausts resources sooner.
B) It creates a lot of new jobs.
C) It causes conflicts between employers and employees.
D) It calls for the retraining of unskilled mining workers.
21. A) They welcome it with open arms.
B) They will wait to see its effect.
C) They are strongly opposed to it.
D) They accept it with reservations.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Their cost to the nation's economy is incalculable.
B) They kill more people than any infectious disease.
C) Their annual death rate is about twice that of the global average.
D) They have experienced a gradual decline since the year of 2017.
23. A) They show a difference between rich and poor nations.
B) They don't reflect the changes in individual countries.
C) They rise and fall from year to year.
D) They are not as reliable as claimed.
24. A) Many of them have increasing numbers of cars on the road.
B) Many of them are following the example set by Thailand.
C) Many of them have seen a decline in road-death rates.
D) Many of them are investing heavily in infrastructure.
25. A) Foster better driving behavior.
B) Provide better training for drivers.
C) Abolish all outdated traffic rules.
D) Impose heavier penalties on speeding.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第3 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 4 -----
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
A new study has drawn a bleak picture of cultural inclusiveness reflected in the
children's literature available in Australia. Dr. Helen Adam from Edith Cowan University's
School of Education 
26 
the cultural diversity of children's books. She examined the
books 
27 
in the kindergarten rooms of four day-care centers in Western Australia.
Just 18 percent of 2,413 books in the total collection contained any 
28 
of non-white
people. Minority cultures were often featured in stereotypical or tokenistic ways, for
example, by 
29 
Asian culture with chopsticks and traditional dress. Characters that
did represent a minority culture usually had 
30 
roles in the books. The main
characters were mostly Caucasian. This causes concern as it can lead to an impression that
whiteness is of greater value.
Dr. Adam said children formed impressions about 'difference5 and identity from a
very young age. Evidence has shown they develop own-race 
31 
from as young as
three months of age. The books we share with young children can be a valuable
opportunity to develop children's understanding of themselves and others. Books can also
allow children to see diversity. They discover both similarities and differences between
themselves and others. This can help develop understanding, acceptance and 
32 
of
diversity.
Census data has shown Australians come from more than 200 countries. They speak
over 300 languages at home. Additionally, Australians belong to more than 100 different
religious groups. They also work in more than 1,000 different occupations. uAustralia is a
multicultural society. The current 
33 
promotion of white middle-class ideas and
lifestyles risks 
34 
children from minority groups. This can give white middle-class
children a sense of 
35 
or privilege,Dr. Adam said.
A) alienating
I) representation
B) appreciation
J) safeguarded
C) bias
K) secondary
D) fraud
L) superiority
E) housed
M) temperament
F) investigated
N) tentative
G) overwhelming
O) threshold
H) portraying
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第4 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 5 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer sheet 2.
How Marconi Gave Us the Wireless World
A) A hundred years before iconic figures like Bill Gates and Steve Jobs permeated our
lives, an Irish-Italian inventor laid the foundation of the communication explosion of
the 21st century. Guglielmo Marconi was arguably the first truly global figure in
modem communication. Not only was he the first to communicate globally, he was the
first to think globally about communication. Marconi may not have been the greatest
inventor of his time, but more than anyone else, he brought about a fundamental shift in
the way we communicate.
B) Today's globally networked media and communication system has its origins in the 19th
century, when, for the first time, messages were sent electronically across great distances.
The telegraph, the telephone, and radio were the obvious predecessors of the Internet,
iPods, and mobile phones. What made the link from then to now was the development of
wireless communication. Marconi was the first to develop and perfect this system, using
the recently-discovered “air waves” that make up the electromagnetic spectrum.
C) Between 1896, when he applied for his first patent in England at the age of 22, and his
death in Italy in 1937, Marconi was at the center of every major innovation in electronic
communication. He was also a skilled and sophisticated organizer, an entrepreneurial
innovator, who mastered the use of corporate strategy, media relations, government
lobbying, international diplomacy, patents, and prosecution. Marconi was really interested
in only one thing: the extension of mobile, personal, long-distance communication to the
ends of the earth (and beyond, if we can believe some reports). Some like to refer to him
as a genius, but if there was any genius to Marconi it was this vision.
D) In 1901 he succeeded in signaling across the Atlantic, from the west coast of England to
Newfoundland in the USA, despite the claims of science that it could not be done. In
1924 he convinced the British government to encircle the world with a chain of wireless
stations using the latest technology that he had devised, shortwave radio. There are
some who say Marconi lost his edge when commercial broadcasting came along; he
didn't see that radio could or should be used to frivolous (无聊的)ends. In one of his
last public speeches, a radio broadcast to the United States in March 1937, he deplored
that broadcasting had become a one-way means of communication and foresaw it
moving in another direction, toward communication as a means of exchange. That was
visionary genius.
E) Marconi's career was devoted to making wireless communication happen cheaply,
efficiently, Smoothly, and with an elegance that would appear to be intuitive and
uncomplicated to the user~~user-friendly, if you will. There is a direct connection from
Marconi to today's social media, search engines, and program streaming that can best
be summed up by an admittedly provocative exclamation: the 20th century did not exist.
In a sense, Marconi's vision jumped from his time to our own.
F) Marconi invented the idea of global communication一or, more straightforwardly,
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第5 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 6 -----
globally networked, mobile, wireless communication. Initially, this was wireless Morse
code telegraphy (电寸艮通】礼), the principal communication technology of his day.
Marconi was the first to develop a practical method for wireless telegraphy using radio
waves. He borrowed technical details from many sources, but what set him apart was a
sell-confident vision of the power of communication technology on the one hand,
and,on the other, of the steps that needed to be taken to consolidate his own position as
a player in that field. Tracing Marconi's lifeline leads us into the story of modem
communication itself. There were other important figures, but Marconi towered over
them all in reach, power, and influence, as well as in the grip he had on the popular
imagination of his time. Marconi was quite simply the central figure in the emergence
of a modem understanding of communication.
G) In his lifetime, Marconi foresaw the development of television and the fax machine,
GPS, radar, and the portable hand-held telephone. Two months before he
died,newspapers were reporting that he was working on a “death ray,“ and that he had
“killed a rat with an intricate device at a distance of three feet.^^ By then, anything
Marconi said or did was newsworthy. Stock prices rose or sank according to his
pronouncements. If Marconi said he thought it might rain, there was likely to be a run
on umbrellas.
H) Marconi's biography is also a story about choices and the motivations behind them. At
one level, Marconi could be fiercely autonomous and independent of the constraints of
his own social class. On another scale, he was a perpetual outsider. Wherever he went,
he was never "of " the group; he was always the “other,“ considered foreign in Britain,
British in Italy, and “not American^^ in the United States. At the same time, he also
suffered tremendously from a need fbr acceptance that drove, and sometimes stained,
every one of his relationships.
I) Marconi placed a permanent stamp on the way we live. He was the first person to
imagine a practical application fbr the wireless spectrum, and to develop it successfully
into a global communication system- in both terms of the word; that is, worldwide and
all-inclusive. He was able to do this because of a combination of factors- most
important, timing and opportunity_but the single-mindedness and determination with
which he carried out his self-imposed mission was fundamentally character-based;
millions of Marconi's contemporaries had the same class, gender, race, and colonial
privilege as he, but only a handful did anything with it. Marconi needed to achieve the
goal that was set in his mind as an adolescent; by the time he reached adulthood, he
understood, intuitively, that in order to have an impact he had to both develop an
independent economic base and align himself with political power. Disciplined,
uncritical loyalty to political power became his compass for the choices he had to make.
J) At the same time, Marconi was uncompromisingly independent intellectually. Shortly
after Marconi's death, the nuclear physicist Enrico Fermi—soon to be the developer of
the Manhattan Project- wrote that Marconi proved that theory and experimentation
were complementary features of progress. ''Experience can rarely, unless guided by a
theoretical concept, arrive at results of any great significance...on the other hand, an
excessive trust in theoretical conviction would have prevented Marconi from persisting
in experiments which were destined to bring about a revolution in the technique of
radio-communications.^^ In other words, Marconi had the advantage of not being
burdened by preconceived assumptions.
K) The most controversial aspect of Marconi's life- and the reason why there has been no
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第6 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 7 -----
satisfying biography of Marconi until now_was his uncritical embrace of Benito
Mussolini. At first this was not problematic for him. But as the regressive (侄J 退的)
nature of Mussolini's regime became clear, he began to suffer a crisis of conscience.
However, after a lifetime of moving within the circles of power, he was unable to break
with authority, and served Mussolini faithfully (as president of Italy's national research
council and royal academy, as well as a member of the Fascist Grand Council) until the
day he died- conveniently- in 1937, shortly before he would have had to take a stand
in the conflict that consumed a world that he had, in part, created.
36. Marconi was central to our present-day understanding of communication.
37. As an adult, Marconi had an intuition that he had to be loyal to politicians in order to be
influential.
38. Marconi disapproved of the use of wireless communication for commercial broadcasting.
39. Marconi's example demonstrates that theoretical concepts and experiments complement
each other in making progress in science and technology.
40. Marconi's real interest lay in the development of worldwide wireless communication.
41. Marconi spent his whole life making wireless communication simple to use.
42. Because of his long-time connection with people in power, Marconi was unable to cut
himself off from the fascist regime in Italy.
43. In his later years, Marconi exerted a tremendous influence on all aspects of people's life.
44. What connected the 19th century and our present time was the development of wireless
communication.
45. Despite his autonomy, Marconi felt alienated and suffered from a lack of acceptance.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Humans are fascinated by the source of their failings and virtues. This preoccupation
inevitably leads to an old debate: whether nature or nurture moulds us more. A revolution in
genetics has poised this as a modem political question about the character of our society: if
personalities are hard-wired into our genes, what can governments do to help us? It feels
morally questionable, yet claims of genetic selection by intelligence are making headlines.
This is down to “hereditaria/ ( 遗传论的) science and a recent paper claimed
"differences in exam performance between pupils attending selective and non-selective
schools mirror the genetic differences between them^^. With such an assertion, the work was
predictably greeted by a lot of absurd claims about “genetics determining academic success^^.
What the research revealed was the rather less surprising result: the educational benefits of
selective schools largely disappear once pupils5 inborn ability and socio-economic
background were taken into account. It is a glimpse of the blindingly obvious- and there?s
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第7 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 8 -----
nothing to back strongly either a hereditary or environmental argument.
Yet the paper does say children are ''unintentionally genetically selected^^ by the school
system. Central to hereditarian science is a tall claim: that identifiable variations in genetic
sequences can predict an individual?s aptness to learn, reason and solve problems. This is
problematic on many levels. A teacher could not seriously tell a parent their child has a low
genetic tendency to study when external factors clearly exist. Unlike-minded academics say
the inheritability of human traits is scientifically unsound. At best there is a weak statistical
association and not a causal link between DNA and intelligence. Yet sophisticated statistics
are used to create an intimidatory atmosphere of scientific certainty.
While there ?s an undoubted genetic basis to individual difference, it is wrong to think
that socially defined groups can be genetically accounted fbr. The fixation on genes as
destiny is surely false too. Medical predictability can rarely be based on DNA alone; the
environment matters too. Something as complex as intellect is likely to be affected by many
factors beyond genes. If hereditarians want to advance their cause it will require more
balanced interpretation and not just acts of advocacy.
Genetic selection is a way of exerting influence over others, “the ultimate collective
control of humandestinies,as writer H.G.Wells put it. Knowledge becomes power and
power requires a sense of responsibility. In understanding cognitive ability, we must not
elevate discrimination to a science: allowing people to climb the ladder of life only as far as
their cells might suggest. This will need a more sceptical eye on the science. As technology
progresses, we all have a duty to make sure that we shape a future that we would want to
find ourselves in.
46. What did a recent research paper claim?
A) The type of school students attend makes a difference to their future.
B) Genetic differences between students are far greater than supposed.
C) The advantages of selective schools are too obvious to ignore.
D) Students' academic performance is determined by their genes.
47. What does the author think of the recent research?
A) Its result was questionable.
B) Its implication was positive.
C) Its influence was rather negligible.
D) Its conclusions were enlightening.
48. What does the author say about the relationship between DNA and intelligence?
A) It is one of scientific certainty.
B) It is not one of cause and effect.
C) It is subject to interpretation of statistics.
D) It is not fully examined by gene scientists.
49. What do hereditarians need to do to make their claims convincing?
A) Take all relevant factors into account in interpreting their data.
B) Conduct their research using more sophisticated technology.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第8 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 9 -----
C) Gather gene data from people of all social classes.
D) Cooperate with social scientists in their research.
50. What does the author warn against in the passage?
A) Exaggerating the power of technology in shaping the world.
B) Losing sight of professional ethics in conducting research.
C) Misunderstanding the findings of human cognition research.
D) Promoting discrimination in the name of science.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Nicola Sturgeon's speech last Tuesday setting out the Scottish government?s legislative
programme for the year ahead confirmed what was already pretty clear. Scottish councils
are set to be the first in the UK with the power to levy charges on visitors, with Edinburgh
likely to lead the way.
Tourist taxes are not new. The Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan has a longstanding
policy of charging visitors a daily fee. France's tax on overnight stays was introduced to
assist thermal spa (温泉)towns to develop, and around half of French local authorities use
it today.
But such levies are on the rise. Moves by Barcelona and Venice to deal with the
phenomenon of ttover-tourism^^ through the use of charges have recently gained prominence.
Japan and Greece are among the countries to have recently introduced tourist taxes.
That the UK lags behind is due to our weak, by international standards, local
government, as well as the opposition to taxes and regulation of our aggressively
pro-market ruling party. Some UK cities have lobbied without success for the power to levy
a charge on visitors. Such levies are no universal remedy as the amounts raised would be
tiny compared with what has been taken away by central government since 2010. Still, it is
to be hoped that the Scottish government's bold move will prompt others to act. There is no
reason why visitors to the UK, or domestic tourists on holiday in hotspots such as Cornwall,
should be exempt from taxation_particularly when vital local services including waste
collection, park maintenance and arts and culture spending are under unprecedented strain.
On the contrary, compelling tourists to make a financial contribution to the places they
visit beyond their personal consumption should be part of a wider cultural shift. Westerners
with disposable incomes have often behaved as if they have a right to go wherever they
choose with little regard for the consequences.Just as the environmental harm caused by
aviation and other transport must come under far greater scrutiny, the social cost of tourism
must also be confronted. This includes the impact of short-term lets on housing costs and
quality of life for residents. Several European capitals, including Paris and Berlin, are
leading a campaign for tougher regulation by the European Union. It also includes the
impact of overcrowding, litter and the kinds of behaviour associated with noisy parties.
There is no ttone-size-fits-alF, solution to this problem. The existence of new revenue
streams for some but not all councils is complicated, and businesses are often opposed,
fearing higher costs will make them uncompetitive. But those places that want them must
be given the chance to make tourist taxes work.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第9 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 10 -----
51. What do we learn from Nicola Sturgeon's speech?
A) The UK is set to adjust its policy on taxation.
B) Tourists will have to pay a tax to visit Scotland.
C) The UK will take new measures to boost tourism.
D) Edinburgh contributes most to Scotland's tourism.
52. How come the UK has been slow in imposing the tourist tax?
A) Its government wants to attract more tourists.
B) The tax is unlikely to add much to its revenue.
C) Its ruling party is opposed to taxes and regulation.
D) It takes time for local governments to reach consensus.
53. Both international and domestic visitors in the UK should pay tourist tax so as t
o
.
A) elevate its tourism to international standards
B) improve the welfare of its maintenance workers
C) promote its cultural exchange with other nations
D) ease its financial burden of providing local services
54. What does the author say about Western tourists?
A) They don't seem to care about the social cost of tourism.
B) They don't seem to mind paying for additional services.
C) They deem travel an important part of their life.
D) They subject the effects of tourism to scrutiny.
55. What are UK people's opinions about the levy of tourist tax?
A) Supportive. 
C) Skeptical.
B) Divided. 
D) Unclear.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
海南是仅次于台湾的中国第二大岛，是位于中国最南端的省份。海南岛风景秀丽，气候宜人,
阳光充足，生物多样，温泉密布，海水清澈，大部分海滩几乎全年都是游泳和日光浴的理想场
所，因而被誉为中国的四季花园和度假胜地，每年都吸引了大批中外游客。
海南1988年建省以来，旅游业，服务业，高新技术产业飞速发展，是中国唯一的省级经济
特区。在中央政府和全国人民的大力支持下，海南将建成中国最大的自由贸易试验区。
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 0 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 11 -----
Part I
2021年06月大学英语六级考试真题（第2 套）
Writing
(30 minutes)
扫码获音频
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay based on the chart
below. You should start your essay with a brief description of the chart and comment on
China's achievements in higher education. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Part II
Gross enrolment ratio in higher education in China (1990-2019)
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Weird. 
B) Efficient.
2. A) They are arrogant.
B) They are ignorant.
3. A) They can think big.
B) They can air their views.
4. A) It can alter people's mindsets.
B) It can lead to new discoveries.
C) Tolerant. 
D) Toxic.
C) They are ambitious.
D) They are accommodating.
C) They can break conventions.
D) They can work flexible hours.
C) It enables people to learn and grow.
D) It is conducive to critical thinking.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) He kept looking for the best place to stay.
B) He met many tourists from other countries.
C) He had a great time sightseeing and relaxing.
D) He managed to visit a different city each day.
6. A) Prioritize what is essential to their best advantage.
B) Stretch out the process in search of the optimal.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第1 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 12 -----
C) Deliberate the consequences that may occur.
D) Take all relevant factors into consideration.
7. A) Time pressure.
B) Tight budget.
8. A) Research as many different options as possible.
B) Avoid going over the same options repeatedly.
C) Modem technology.
D) Fierce competition.
C) Focus on what is practical.
D) Trust their gut instinct.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions -will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B),
C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through
the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It is beneficial to poor as well as rich communities.
B) It is conducive to children's future development.
C) It is welcome to parents but not to children.
D) It is not of much help to younger children.
10. A) It may put some students in remote areas at a disadvantage.
B) It gives the majority of students ready access to their teachers.
C) It effectively improves the learning quality of students in rural areas.
D) It can bridge the learning gap between kids of different backgrounds.
11. A) Diligent students tend to do their homework independently.
B) The fbcus of homework should always be on school subjects.
C) Doing homework exerts a positive efBct on kids' personality development.
D) The benefits of doing homework vary widely from individual to individual.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) It was something he apologized for later. 
C) It was a forty-nine-year plan.
B) It was ridiculed by The New York Times. 
D) It was considered visionary.
13. A) It was of great significance to rocket science.
B) It was completed in the state of New Mexico.
C) It was somehow delayed about 12 minutes.
D) It failed due to a sudden change of weather.
14. A) A laboratory and test range was already set up there.
B) Its climate was ideal for year-round rocket launching.
C) A weather expert invited him to go there for his mission.
D) Its remote valleys were appealing to him and his family.
15. A) He won an award from the US government for his work.
B) He gained recognition from rocket scientists worldwide.
C) He was granted over 200 patents in rocket technology.
D) He boosted the military strength of the United States.
Section C
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第2 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 13 -----
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It requires entrepreneurial experience. 
C) It can be quite frustrating.
B) It is usually financially rewarding. 
D) It can be rather risky.
17. A) It contributes to rapid business expansion.
B) It inspires willingness to make sacrifices.
C) It reduces conflict among team members.
D) It encourages creation and innovation.
18. A) They have unrealistic expectations. 
C) Few can find willing investors.
B) They often work without any pay. 
D) Many are idealistic dreamers.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They have better dietary habits.
B) They bear fewer social responsibilities.
C) They are bom with a stronger ability to socialize.
D) They are better able to survive or handle disease.
20. A) They have a limited reproductive ability.
B) They depend on adequate sleep to thrive.
C) They keep dividing throughout one's life.
D) They strengthen with regular exercise.
21. A) The process of ageing can ultimately be brought under control.
B) Improved health care for the elderly will contribute to longevity.
C) Prevention of heart disease and stroke will increase life expectancy.
D) The resolution of age-related diseases will solve the mystery of ageing.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) They are reluctant to follow instructions. 
C) They cannot understand directives.
B) They fail to answer emails promptly. 
D) They do not show due respect.
23. A) They have not been trained to follow the rules.
B) They are not satisfied with the management.
C) They want to avoid unnecessary losses.
D) They find their voice go unheeded.
24. A) When they are on good terms with their managers.
B) When they find their job goals easily attainable.
C) When they find their supervisors helpful.
D) When they are financially motivated.
25. A) They are a useless tool for managers to change employee behavior.
B) They prove to be a good means for managers to give instructions.
C) They should be reserved for urgent communication.
D) They are seldom used for sharing confidential data.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第3 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 14 -----
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
I'm always baffled when I walk into a pharmacy and see shelves bursting with various
vitamins, extracts and other supplements, all promising to accelerate or promote weight loss.
Aisles of marketing genius belie (掩饰)the fact that, 
26 
, weight loss is dictated by the
laws of arithmetic. Economist Jessica Irvine wrote a book about how she used math to help
her lose more than 18 kilograms. If calories taken in are less than calories 
27 
weight
shall be lost, and so it is with money.
Despite the 
28 
of financial products, services and solutions geared towards
accumulating wealth, it all begins with the same 
29 
: getting ahead financially
requires a reduction of spending, so that income is greater than expenses. I was reminded
of this again recently listening to an interview with Nicole Haddow, the author of
Smashed Avocado, explaining how she cracked the property market at 31. It was quite a
30 
, given where she had been two years earlier.
Nicole didn't celebrate her 30th birthday as she had 
31 
. She was sobbing at the
dinner table with her parents, with whom she had just moved back in. She had no stable
income, $ 12,000 in credit-card debt and no plan, but to her 32, her father, an accountant,
told her that her financial 
33 
wasn't as bad as she thought. He said,on her income,
with some changes, she would be able to buy an investment unit within two years, which
she did.
Nieole admitted she was fortunate, as she was able to live with her parents and 
34
her spending- and life- to get herself on track financially. Creating a gap between her
income and spending required a paradigm shift and 
35 
sacrifice and commitment, but
by going into financial lockdown, Nicole gained financial independence.
A)abundance
I) impetus
B) astonishment
J) overhaul
C) entailed
K) permanently
D) envisaged
L) plight
E) equation
M) prosper
F)expended
N) shatter
G) feat
O) ultimately
H) fiscally
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第4 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 15 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer sheet 2.
France's beloved cathedral only minutes away from complete destruction
A) Notre Dame Cathedral in the heart of Paris was within "15 to 30 minutes^^ of complete
destruction as firefighters battled to stop flames reaching its bell towers on Monday
evening, French authorities have revealed. A greater disaster was averted by members
of the Paris fire brigade, who risked their lives to remain inside the burning monument
to create a wall of water between the raging fire and the two towers on the west of the
building.
B) The revelation of how close France came to losing its most famous cathedral emerged as
police investigators questioned workers involved in the restoration of the monument to
try to establish the cause of the devastating blaze. Paris prosecutor Remy Heitz said that
an initial fire alert was sounded at 6:20 pm on Monday evening but no fire was found.
The second alert was sounded at 6:43 pm, and the blaze was discovered on the roof.
C) More than €650 million was raised in a few hours on Tuesday as French business
leaders and global corporations announced they would donate to a restoration campaign
launched by the president, Emmanuel Macron. But as the emergency services picked
through the burnt debris, a row was resurfacing over accusations that the beloved
cathedral, immortalised in Victor Hugo's novel, was already crumbling before the fire.
D) The cathedral is owned by the French state and has been at the centre of a years-long
dispute over who should finance restoration work of the collapsing staircases,
crumbling statues and cracked walls. Jean-Michel Leniaud, the president of the
scientific council at the National Heritage Institute, said: "What happened was bound to
happen. The lack of adequate maintenance and daily attention to such a majestic
building is the cause of this catastrophe.After the blaze was declared completely
extinguished, 15 hours after it started, the junior interior minister, Laurent Nunez, said
the structure had been saved but remained vulnerable. He praised the actions of the
firefighters but admitted the fate of the cathedral had been uncertain. "They saved the
main structure, but it all came down to 15—30 minutes,“ Nunez said.
E) In a surprise televised address on Tuesday evening, Macron said he wanted to see the
cathedral rebuilt within five years. "The fire at Notre Dame reminds us that we will
always have challenges to overcome,5, Macron said, “Notre Dame is our history, our
literature, the centre of our life. It is the standard by which we measure our distances.
Ifs so many books, so many paintings. Ifs the cathedral of every French person, even
those who have never visited it. This history is ours and so we will rebuild Notre Dame.
It is what the French people expect; it is what our history deserves. It is our deep destiny.
We will rebuild Notre Dame so it is even more beautiful than before. I want it done in
the next five years. We can do it. After the time of testing comes a time of reflection and
then of action.”
F) The fire, which had started at the base of the 93-metre spire ( 尖塔)at about 6:40 pm on
Monday, spread through the cathedral's roof^ made up of hundreds of oak beams, some
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第5 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 16 -----
dating back to the 13th century. These beams, known as la fbret ( the forest) because of
their density, formed the cross-shaped roof that ran the length of the central part of the
cathedral. As hundreds of tourists and Parisians stood and watched the flames leaping
from the roof, there was shock and tears as the cathedral spire caught fire, burned and
then collapsed into itself.
G) A collection of dramatic videos and photos quickly spread across social media, showing
the horrifying destruction, and attracting emotional responses from people all over the
world. Indeed, within minutes the fire occupied headlines of every major global
newspaper and television network. This is not surprising given Notre Dame Cathedral,
meaning “Our Lady”, is one of the most recognised symbols of the city of Paris
attracting millions of tourists every year.
H) While the world looked on, the 500 firefighters at the scene then battled to prevent the
flames from reaching the two main towers, where the cathedral bells hang. If the
wooden frame of the towers had caught fire, it could have sent the bells- the largest of
which, the Emmanuel Bell, weighs 13 tons- crashing down, potentially causing the
collapse of both towers. Police and fire services will spend the next 48 hours assessing
the ''security and safety“ of the 850-year-old structure. Nunez said: "We have identified
vulnerabilities throughout the structure, all of which still need securing.As a result,
residents of five buildings around the northern side of the cathedral were being
temporarily evacuated, he added. Architects have identified three main holes in the
structure, in the locations of the spire, the main hall and the upper rooms to the north of
the central aisle. Most of the wooden roof beams have been burned, and parts of the
concrete holding up the roof have collapsed.
I) The interior minister, Christophe Castaner, visited the cathedral on Tuesday afternoon to
see the extent of the devastation. Ash covered the marble diamond-patterned floor and
floated in large pools of grey water from the fire hoses. Behind a heap of blackened oak
beams that lay piled up where they had fallen, daylight from vast holes in the cathedral
roof lit a golden cross over a statue by Nicolas Coustou, which appeared to have
escaped damage. Preliminary inspections also suggested the three ornate (装饰华丽的)
stained glass "rose" windows appeared to have survived the fire, officials said. However,
fire officers have said a complete inventory of the damage will not be possible until the
cathedral structure has been deemed safe.
J) The culture minister, Franck Riester, said religious relics saved from the cathedral were
being securely held at the Hotel de Ville, and works of art that sustained smoke damage
were being taken to the Louvre, the world's largest art museum, where they would be
dried out, repaired and stored. Sixteen copper statues that decorated the spire had been
removed for restoration only a few days before the fire. Relics at the top of the spire are
believed lost as the spire was destroyed. As well as damage from the heat, which
firefighters said reached more than 800 ℃, experts also need to assess damage from the
vast quantities of water firefighters poured into the cathedral. One casualty of this was
The Great Organ constructed in the 1730s, which was said to have escaped the flames
but been significantly damaged by water.
K) French political commentators noted the devastating fire had succeeded where Macron
had failed in uniting the country. But criticism over the original state of the building is
likely to intensify overcoming days. Leniaud told La Croix newspaper: "This is not
about looking fbr people to blame. The responsibility is collective because this is the
most loved monument in the country.^^ Alexandre Gady, an art historian, agreed. "We've
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第6 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 17 -----
been saying for years that the budget for maintaining historic monuments is too low,“
Gady said. The Paris prosecutor's office has opened an inquiry into “involuntary
destruction by fire”, indicating they believe the cause of the blaze was accidental rather
than criminal.
36. The total amount of damage to Notre Dame Cathedral can be assessed only when its
structure is considered safe.
37. Once again people began to argue whether Notre Dame Cathedral was going to collapse
even without the fire.
38. The Notre Dame Cathedral catastrophe was said to have helped unite the French nation.
39. The roof of Notre Dame Cathedral was built with large numbers of densely laid-out
wood beams.
40. Renovation workers of Notre Dame Cathedral were questioned to find out the cause of
the accident.
41. Had the bell towers5 wooden frames burned down, the heavy bells would have crashed
down.
42. The timely action of the firefighters prevented the fire from reaching the Cathedral's
bell towers.
43. Apart from the fire, the water used to extinguish it also caused a lot of damage to Notre
Dame Cathedral.
44. There has been argument over the years as to who should pay for the restoration of
Notre Dame Cathedral.
45. News of the Notre Dame Cathedral catastrophe instantly caught media attention
throughout the world.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
We often think of drawing as something that takes inborn talent, but this kind of
thinking stems from our misclassification of drawing as, primarily, an art form rather than a
tool for learning.
Researchers, teachers, and artists are starting to see how drawing can positively impact
a wide variety of skills and disciplines.
Most of us have spent some time drawing before, but at some point, most of us stop
drawing. There are people who don't, obviously, and thank god for that: a world without
designers and artists would be a very shabby one indeed.
Some argue that so many adults have abandoned drawing because we've
miscategorized it and given it a very narrow definition. In his book, Stick Figures'. Drawing
as a Human Practice, Professor D.B. Dowd argues that we have misfiled the significance
of drawing because we see it as a professional skill instead of a personal capacity.We
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第7 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 18 -----
mistakenly think of "good" drawings as those which work as recreations of the real world,
as realistic illusions. Rather, drawing should be recategorized as a symbolic tool.
Human beings have been drawing for 73,000 years. Ifs part of what it means to be
human. We don't have the strength of chimpanzees ( 大猩猩) because we've given up
animal strength to manipulate subtle instruments, like hammers, spears, and- later_pens
and pencils. The human hand is an extremely dense network of nerve endings. In many
ways, human beings are built to draw.
Some researchers argue that doodling ( 涂画) activates the brain's so-called default
circuit- essentially, the areas of the brain responsible fbr maintaining a baseline level of
activity in the absence of other stimuli. Because of this, some believe that doodling during a
boring lecture can help students pay attention. In one study, participants were asked to
listen to a list of names while either doodling or sitting still. Those who doodled
remembered 29 percent more of the names than those who did not.
There's also evidence that drawing talent is based on how accurately someone
perceives the world. The human visual system tends to misjudge size, shape, color, and
angles but artists perceive these qualities more accurately than non-artists. Cultivating
drawing talent can become an essential tool to improve people's observational skills in
fields where the visual is important.
Rather than think of drawing as a talent that some creative people are gifted in,we
should consider it as a tool for seeing and understanding the world better- one that just so
happens to double as an art form. Both absent-minded doodling and copying from life have
been shown to positively affect your memory and visual perception, so complain loudly the
next time your school board slashes the art departmenfs budget.
46. What do people generally think about drawing?
A) It is a gift creative people are endowed with.
B) It is a skill that is acquired with practice.
C) It is an art form that is appreciated by all.
D) It is an ability everyone should cultivate.
47. What do we learn about designers and artists?
A) They are declining gradually in number.
B) They are keen on changing shabby surroundings.
C) They add beauty and charm to the world.
D) They spend most of their lives drawing.
48. What does Professor D.B.Dowd argue in his book?
A) Everybody is bom with the capacity to draw.
B) Drawing is a skill that requires special training.
C) The value of drawing tends to be overestimated.
D) Drawing should be redefined as a realistic illusion.
49. What have some researchers found from one study about doodling?
A) It is a must fbr maintaining a base level of brain activity.
B) It can turn something boring into something interesting.
C) It is the most reliable stimulant to activate the brain.
D) It helps improve concentration and memory.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第8 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 19 -----
50. What is characteristic of people with drawing talent?
A) Sensitivity to cognitive stimulation.
B) Subtlety of representation.
C) Accuracy in categorization.
D) Precision in visual perception.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
The car has reshaped our cities. It seems to offer autonomy for everyone. There is
something almost delightful in the detachment from reality of advertisements showing
mass-produced cars marketed as symbols of individuality and of freedom when most of
their lives will be spent making short journeys on choked roads.
For all the fuss made about top speeds, cornering ability and acceleration, the most
useful gadgets on a modem car are those which work when you're going very slowly:
parking sensors, sound systems, and navigation apps which will show a way around
upcoming traffic jams. This seems to be one of the few areas where the benefit of sharing
personal information comes straight back to the sharer: because these apps know where
almost all the users are, and how fast they are moving almost all the time, they can spot
traffic congestion (堵塞)very quickly and suggest ways round it.
The problem comes when everyone is using a navigation app which tells them to avoid
everyone else using the same gadget. Traffic jams often appear where no one has enough
information to avoid them. When a lucky few have access to the knowledge, they will
benefit greatly. But when everyone has perfect information, traffic jams simply spread onto
the side roads that seem to offer a way round them.
This new congestion teaches us two things. The first is that the promises of
technology will never be realised as fully as we hope; they will be limited by their
unforeseen and unintended consequences. Siting in a more comfortable car in a different
traffic jam is pleasant but hardly the liberation that once seemed to be promised. The
second is that self-organisation will not get us where we want to go. The efforts of
millions of drivers to get ahead do not miraculously produce a situation in which
everyone does better than before, but one in which almost everyone does rather worse.
Central control and collective organisationcan produce smoother and fairer outcomes,
though even that much is never guaranteed.
Similar limits can be foreseen for the much greater advances promised by self-driving
cars. Last week, one operated by the taxi company Uber struck and killed a woman pushing
her bicycle across a wide road in Arizona. This was the first recorded death involving a car
which was supposed to be folly autonomous. Experts have said that it suggests a
''catastrophic failure“ of technology.
Increasingly, even Silicon Valley has to acknowledge the costs of the intoxicating (令
人陶醉的)hurry that characterises its culture. What traffic teaches us is that reckless and
uncontrolled change is as likely to harm us as it is to benefit us, and that thoughtful
regulation is necessary for a better future.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第9 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 20 -----
51. What does the author say about car advertisements?
A) They portray drivers who enjoy speed on the road.
B) They present a false picture of the autonomy cars provide.
C) They pursue individuality and originality in design concept.
D) They overestimate the potential market of autonomous cars.
52. What does the author imply about the various gadgets on cars?
A) They can help to alleviate traffic jams.
B) Most of them are as effective as advertised.
C) Only some can be put to use under current traffic conditions.
D) They are constantly upgraded to make driving easier and safer.
53. What does the author say about the use of navigation apps?
A) It is likely to create traffic jams in other places.
B) It helps a great deal in easing traffic congestion.
C) It sharply reduces the incidence of traffic accidents.
D) It benefits those who are learning to drive.
54. What does the author say about technology?
A) Its consequences are usually difficult to assess.
B) It seldom delivers all the benefits as promised.
C) It depends on the required knowledge for application.
D) Its benefits are guaranteed by collective wisdom.
55. What key message does the author try to convey in the passage?
A) The consequences of technological innovation need not be exaggerated.
B) There is always a price to pay to develop technology for a better world.
C) Technological innovation should be properly regulated.
D) The culture of Silicon Valley ought not to be emulated.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed. 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
青海是中国西北部的一个省份，平均海拔3000米以上，大部分地区为高山和高原。青海
省得名于全国最大的咸水湖青海湖。青海湖被誉为“中国最美的湖泊”，是最受欢迎的旅游景
点之一，也是摄影师和艺术家的天堂。
青海山川壮丽，地大物博，石油和天然气储量丰富，省内许多城市的经济在石油和天然
气工业带动下得到了长足发展。青海尤以水资源丰富而闻名，是中国三大河流长江，黄河和澜
沧江的发源地，在中国的水生态中发挥着重要作用。
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第1 0 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 21 -----
2021年06月大学英语六级考试真题（第3 套）
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay based on the chart
below. You should start your essay with a brief description of the chart and comment on
China 
achievements in poverty alleviation. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Rural population in poverty
poverty headcount ratio
(Million people) 
(% of rural population)
100
75
50
25
0
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020
Sources: China's National Bureau of Statistics, China's State Council Leading Group Office of Poverty Alleviation and Development
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2021年6 月大学英语六级考试全国共考了两套听力，本套的听
力内容与第二套相同，因此本套听力部分不再重复给出。
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
At 43, Fve reached the stage where women are warned to watch out for the creeping
sadness of middle age. We're served up an endless stream of advice on “how to survive
your 40s ”, as if we're in the endurance stage of a slow limp toward 
26 
. This is the
age women start to become “invisible”—our value, attractiveness and power supposedly
27 
by the vanishing of youth. But I don't feel like I'm fading into 
28 
. 1 feel more
seen than I ever have, and for the first time in my life, I have a clear-eyed view of myself
that is 
29 
, compassionate and accepting.
When I look in the mirror, I'm proud of who I am- even those “broken“ parts that
for so long seemed impossible to love. So when advertisers try to sell me ways to
“turn back the clock”, I have to 
30 
a laugh. I wouldn't go back to the crippling
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第1 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 22 -----
self-consciousness of my youth if you paid me. This hard-won sense of self^acceptance
is one of the joys of being an older woman. But ifs a narrative often 
31 
out by the
shame that marketers rely on to peddle us their diet pills, miracle face creams and
breathable yoga pants- as if self-love is a 
32 
commodity.
For some women I know, this sense of trust and self^belief later in life gave them the
courage to leave dysfunctional relationships or 
33 
on new career paths. Others talked
about enjoying their own company, of growth through 
34 
, deepening bonds of
friendships, the ability to be more compassionate, less judgmental and to listen more and
appreciate the small pleasures. Life past 40 is far from smooth sailing, but it's so much
more than the reductive 
35 
we see in women's magazines and on the Hollywood big
screen.
A) adversity
I) neglected
B) authentic
J) obscurity
C) convey
K) outlines
D) depictions
L) prevalent
E) diminished
M) purchasable
F) drowned
N) submit
G) embark
0) suppress
H) fragility
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once.
Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding
letter on Answer sheet 2.
What Are the Ethics of CGI Actors-And Will They Replace Real Ones?
A) Digital humans are coming to a screen near you. As computer-generated imagery (CGI)
has become cheaper and more sophisticated, the film industry can now convincingly
recreate people on screen- even actors who have been dead fbr decades. The
technology's ability to effectively keep celebrities alive beyond the grave is raising
questions about public legacies and image rights.
B) Late in 2019, it was announced that US actor James Dean, who died in 1955, will star in
a Vietnam War film scheduled for release later this year. In the film, which will be
called Finding Jach, Dean will be recreated on screen with CGI based on old footage
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第2 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 23 -----
（影片 镜头）and photographs, with another actor voicing him. The news was met with
excitement by those keen to see Dean digitally brought back to life for only his fourth
film, but it also drew sharp criticism. "This is puppeteering the dead for their fame
alone,“ actress Zelda Williams wrote on Twitter."It sets such an awful precedent fbr the
future of performance." Her father, Robin Williams, who died in 2014, was keen to
avoid the same fate. Before his death, he filed a deed protecting the use of his image
until 2039, preventing others from recreating him using CGI to appear in a film, TV
show or as a hologram （全息影像）.
C） The James Dean film is a way to keep the actor's image relevant for younger
generations, says Mark Roesler of CMG Worldwide, the firm that represents Dean's
estate. "I think this is the beginning of an entire wave,“ says Travis Cloyd, CEO of
Worldwide XR, one of the companies behind the digital recreation of Dean. "Moving
into the future, we want James Dean to be brought into different gaming environments,
or different virtual reality environments, or augmented reality environments,he says.
D） Other actors have been revived, with the permission of their estates, for advertising
purposes: for example, a 2011 advertisement fbr Dior featured contemporary actress
Charlize Theron alongside iconic 20th-century stars Marilyn Monroe, Grace Kelly and
Marlene Dietrich. Later, Audrey Hepburn was digitally recreated for a chocolate
commercial in 2013. In the same year, a CGI Bruce Lee appeared in a Chinese-language
ad fbr a whisky brand, which offended many fans because Lee was widely known not to
drink alcohol at all. "In the last five years, it's become more affordable and more
achievable in a whole movie,“ says Tim Webber at UK visual effects firm Framestore,
the company behind the Hepburn chocolate ad. Framestore used body doubles with
resemblance to Hepburn's facial structure and body shape as a framework fbr manual
animation. The process was extremely difficult and expensive, says Webber, but the
technology has moved on.
E） Now, a person can be animated from scratch. t4If they5re alive today,you can put them in
scanning rigs, you can get every detail of their body analysed very carefully and that
makes it much easier, whereas working from available photographs is tricky,“ says
Webber, who won an Academy Award for his visual effects work on the 2013 film
Gravity. 
also see a lot of actors today who will have the desire to take advantage of
this technology: to have their likeness captured and stored for future content/5 says
Cloyd. "They foresee this being something that could give their estates and give their
families the ability to make money from their likeness when they're gone.”
F） A hidden hazard of digitally recreating a deceased （已故的）celebrity is the risk of
damaging their legacy. "We have to respect the security and the integrity of rights
holders,says John Canning at Digital Domain, a US firm that created a hologram of
rapper （说唱 艺人）Tupac Shakur, which appeared at the Coachella music festival in
2012,15 years after his death.
G） Legally, a person's rights to control the commercial use of their name and image beyond
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第3 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 24 -----
their death differ between and even within countries. In certain US states, for example,
these rights are treated similarly to property rights, and are transferable to a person's
heirs. In California, under the Celebrities Rights Act, the personality rights for a
celebrity last for 70 years after their death. "We've got a societal debate going on about
access to our public commons, as it were, about famous faces/5 says Lilian Edwards at
Newcastle University, UK. Should the public be allowed to use or reproduce images of
famous people, given how iconic they are? And what is in the best interest of a deceased
person's legacy may conflict with the desires of their family or the public, says
Edwards.
H) A recreation, however lifelike, will never be indistinguishable from a real actor, says
Webber. t4When we are bringing someone back, representing someone who is no longer
alive on the screen, what we are doing is extremely sophisticated digital make-up,he
says. t4A performance is a lot more than a physical resemblance.,5
I) As it becomes easier to digitally recreate celebrities and to entirely manufacture
on-screen identities, could this kind of technology put actors out of jobs? ”I think actors
are worried about this,“ says Edwards. "But I think it will take a very long time."This is
partly because of the risk that viewers find virtual humans scary. Edwards cites
widespread backlash to the digital recreation of Carrie Fisher as a young Princess Leia
in Rogue One, a trick later repeated in the recent Star Wars'. The Rise of Skywalker,
which was filmed after Fisher's death in 2016. "People didn't like it,“ she says. " They
discovered the uncanny valley (诡异谷)
J) This refers to the idea that when objects trying to resemble humans aren't quite perfect,
they can make viewers feel uneasy because they fall somewhere between obviously
non-human and fully human. "That's always a danger when you5re doing anything
human or human-like,says Webber. 4'There are a thousand things that could go wrong
with a computer-generated facial performance, and any one of those could make it fall
into the uncanny valley,“ he says. "Your brain just knows there's something wrong.”
The problem often arises around the eyes or mouth, says Webber. "They're the areas
that you look at when you're talking to someone.
K) An unfamiliar digital human that has been created through CGI will also face the same
challenge as an unknown actor: they don't have the appeal of an established name. "You
have to spend substantial capital in creating awareness around their likeness and making
sure people are familiar with who they are,“ says Cloyd. This is now starting to happen.
“The way you pre-sell a movie in a foreign market is based on relevant talent,he says.
“I think we're a long way away from having virtual beings that have the ability to
pre-sell content.”
L) Webber expects that we will see more digital humans on screen. "It's happening
because it can happen,5, he says. Referring to a line from Jurassic Park (侏 罗 必己公 园)，
he adds: "People are too busy thinking about what they can do to think about whether
they should do it.”
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第4 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 25 -----
36. There is an ongoing debate among the public as to whether the images of deceased
celebrities should be recreated.
37. The CGI technology allows the image of the deceased James Dean to be presented to
young people in new settings.
38. It is very likely that the CGI-recreated image of a deceased celebrity will fail to match
the real actor especially in facial expressions.
39. The use of digital technology can bring images of deceased celebrities back to the screen.
40. Recreating a deceased famous actor or actress may violate their legitimate rights.
41. More CGI-recreated images of deceased celebrities are expected to appear on screen.
42. The image of James Dean will be recreated on screen with his voice dubbed by
someone else.
43. However advanced the CGI technology is, the recreated image will differ in a way from
the real actor.
44. A lot of actors today are likely to make use of the CGI technology to have their images
stored for the benefit of their families.
45. Some actors are concerned that they may lose jobs because of the CGI technology.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
You can't see it, smell it, or hear it, and people disagree on how precisely to define it,
or where exactly it comes from. It isn't a school subject or an academic discipline, but it
can be learned. It is a quality that is required of artists, but it is also present in the lives of
scientists and entrepreneurs. All of us benefit from it and we thrive mentally and spiritually
when we are able to wield it. It is a delicate thing, easily stamped out; in fact, it flourishes
most fully when people are playful and childlike. Meanwhile, it works best in conjunction
with deep knowledge and expertise.
This mysterious- but teachable-
quality is creativity, the subject of a recently
-published report by Durham Commission on Creativity and Education. The report concludes
that creativity should not inhabit the school curriculum only as it relates to drama, music,art
and other obviously creative subjects, but that creative thinking ought to run through all of
school life, infusing (充满)the way humanities and natural sciences are learned.
The authors, who focus on education in England, offer a number of sensible
recommendations, some of which are an attempt to alleviate the uninspiring and fact-based
approach to education that has crept into policy in recent years. When children are regarded
as vessels to be filled with facts, creativity does not prosper; nor does it when teachers' sole
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第5 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 26 -----
objective is coaching children towards exams. One suggestion from the commission is a
network of teacher-led ''creativity collaboratives^^, along the lines of existing maths hubs (中
with the aim of supporting teaching for creativity through the school curriculum.
Nevertheless, it is arts subjects through which creativity can most obviously be
fostered. The value placed on them by the independent education sector is clear. One only
has to look at the remarkable arts facilities at Britain's top private schools to comprehend
this. But in the state sector the excessive focus on English, maths and science threatens to
crush arts subjects; meanwhile, reduced school budgets mean diminishing extracurricular
activities. There has been a 28.1% decline in students taking creative subjects at high
schools since 2014, though happily, art and design have seen a recent increase.
This discrepancy between state and private education is a matter of social justice. It is
simply wrong and unfair that most children have a fraction of the access to choirs,
orchestras, art studios and drama that their more privileged peers enjoy. As lives are
affected by any number of looming challenges- climate crisis, automation in the
workplace- humans are going to need creative thinking more than ever. For all of our
sakes, creativity in education, and for all, must become a priority.
46. What do we learn from the passage about creativity?
A) It develops best when people are spiritually prepared.
B) It is most often wielded by scientists and entrepreneurs.
C) It is founded on scientific knowledge and analytical skills.
D) It contributes to intellectual growth but can easily be killed.
47. What is the conclusion of a recently-published report?
A) Natural sciences should be learned the way humanities courses are.
B) Cultivation of creativity should permeate the entire school curriculum.
C) Art courses should be made compulsory for all students.
D) Students should learn more obviously creative subjects.
48. What does the report say is detrimental to the fostering of creativity?
A) Alleviation of pressure. 
C) Test-oriented teaching.
B) Teacher-led school activities. 
D) Independent learning.
49. What do we learn about the private schools in the UK?
A) They encourage extracurricular activities.
B) They attach great importance to arts education.
C) They prioritize arts subjects over maths and sciences.
D) They cater to students from different family backgrounds.
50. What should be done to meet the future challenges?
A) Increasing government investment in school education.
B) Narrowing the existing gap between the rich and the poor.
C) Providing all children with equal access to arts education.
D) Focusing on meeting the needs of under-privileged students.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第6 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 27 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Emulating your conversation partner's actions is a common human behavior classified
as “mirroring“ and has been known and studied by psychologists fbr years. We all tend to
subconsciously copy gestures of people we like. But why do we act like this?
As a rule, mirroring means that conversationalists enjoy their communication and that
there's acertain level of agreement between them. The topic of discussion is equally
interesting fbr both and they know their interests meet.
Repeating someone's behavior is typical of talented communicators, not always
because the person is sympathetic, but because there is a goal to be achieved. This way new
idols have been brought to the stage: politicians, celebrities, and other big names. Popular
culture makes people want to look popular, and act and speak like popular people.
Nowadays celebrities steal lyrics from each other and struggle with copyright violation
accusations or straightforwardly claim themselves to be the authors, even though all the
work was done by other people.
Among celebrities, ifs trendy nowadays to use their own speech writers as politicians
do. The so-called “ghostwriting“ can take various forms: books, articles, autobiographies,
and even social media posts.
Who is a true copycat （抄袭者）and who gets copycatted? Sometimes, it is a hard nut
to crack without an expert?s help. But new authorship defending methods based on
identifying individual writing patterns are already here. Their aim is to protect intellectual
property. Using scientific methods, some of them can define authorship with 85% accuracy.
Writing is not an easy craft to master. If you want to write like a professional without
plagiarism （抄袭），there are a few lessons to learn and the first one is: "Copy from one, it's
plagiarism; copy from two, it's research.^^ The correct interpretation of this statement is not
about copying, but rather about creating your own style. When you study an author5 s
writing style, don't stop on a single one, but explore numerous styles instead. Examine
types of sentences they use, pay attention to their metaphors, and focus on stories you feel
you could write a pretty cool sequel （续篇）to.
Imitation is rather paradoxical. As an integral part of learning, it brings about positive
changes, making people develop and grow. However, it may do a lot of hann. Copying
someone's thoughts, ideas or inventions is completely unacceptable. It infringes on
intellectual property rights of others.
Still, many things we do are about copying others one way or another. So if you want
to compliment someone on the work they have done and imitate it, just make sure you do it
the right way to avoid committing plagiarism.
51. What do people tend to do while engaging in a conversation?
A） Repeat what their partners say one way or another.
B） Focus as much as possible on topics of mutual interest.
C） Imitate their partners5 gestures without their knowing it.
D） Observe carefully how their partners make use of gestures.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第7 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 28 -----
52. When does mirroring usually take place in a conversation?
A) When both sides are sympathetic with each other.
B) When both sides have a lot of things in common.
C) When both sides make interesting contributions.
D) When both sides try to seek common ground.
53. What do we learn about popular culture?
A) It encourages people to imitate.
B) It appeals mostly to big names.
C) It acquaints young people with their idols.
D) It can change people's mode of cognition.
54. Why is the saying “copy from two, ifs research^^ a lesson to leam?
A) It facilitates the creation of one's own writing style.
B) It helps to protect one's intellectual property rights.
C) It fosters correct interpretation of professional writing.
D) It enables one to write intriguing sequels to famous stories.
55. Why does the author say imitation is rather paradoxical?
A) It is liable to different interpretations.
B) It is by and large a necessary evil.
C) It can give rise to endless disputes.
D) It may do harm as well as good.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
云南是位于中国西南的一个省份，平均海拔1500米。云南历史悠久，风景秀丽，气候宜
人。云南生态环境优越，生物多种多样，被誉为野生动植物的天堂。云南还有多种矿藏和充足
的水资源，为全省经济的可持续发展提供了有利条件。
云南居住着25 个少数民族，他们大多有自己的语言、习俗和宗教。云南独特的自然景色
和丰富的民族文化使其成为中国最受欢迎的旅游目的地之一，每年都吸引着大批国内外游客
前往观光旅游。
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第8 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 29 -----
Part I
2021年12月大学英语六级考试真题（第1 套）
Writing
(30 minutes)
扫码获音频
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay related to the short
passage given below. In your essay, you are to comment on the phenomenon described in the
passage and suggest measures to address the issue. You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
Young people spend a lot of time on the Internet. However, they are sometimes unable to
recognize false information on the Internet, judge the reliability of online information sources,
or tell real news stories from fake ones.
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He was enjoying his holiday.
B) He was recovering in hospital.
2. A) He broke his wrist.
B) He lost his antibiotics.
3. A) Turn to her father for help.
B) Call the repair shop to fix it.
4. A) Help David retrieve his essays.
B) Introduce David to her parents.
C) He was busy writing his essays.
D) He was fighting a throat infection.
C) He slipped on ice and fell.
D) He was laughed at by some girls.
C) Ask the manufacturer for repairs.
D) Replace it with a brand-new one.
C) Offer David some refreshments.
D) Accompany David to his home.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) She is a critic of works on military affairs.
B) She is an acclaimed hostess of Book Talk.
C) She is a researcher of literary genres.
D) She is a historian of military history.
6. A) It is about the military history of Europe.
B) It is set in the 18th and 19th centuries.
C) It is her fifth book of military history.
D) It is a war novel set in the future.
7. A) She visited soldiers' wives and mothers.
B) She conducted surveys of many soldiers.
C) She met a large number of soldiers in person.
D) She looked into the personal lives of soldiers.
2021年12月英语六级真题第1 套第1 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 30 -----
8. A) She doesn't have much freedom for imagination.
B) It is not easy to make her readers believe in her.
C) It is difficult to attract young readers.
D) She has to combine fact with fiction.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end o f each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Santa Claus. 
C) Cocoa seeds.
B) A polar bear. 
D) A glass bottle.
10. A) To attract customer attention. 
C) To combat counterfeits.
B) To keep up with the times. 
D) To promote its sales.
11. A) It resembles a picture in the encyclopedia.
B) It appears in the shape of a cocoa seed.
C) It has the drink's logo in the middle.
D) It displays the image of Santa Claus.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) It often occurs among commuters.
B) It promotes mutual understanding.
13. A) Social anxiety.
B) Excessive caution.
C) It improves their mood considerably.
D) It takes a great deal of effort to sustain.
C) Lack of social skills.
D) Preference for solitude.
14. A) People usually regard it as an unforgettable lesson.
B) Human brains tend to dwell on negative events.
C) Negative events often hurt people deeply.
D) People generally resent being rejected.
15. A) Contagious. 
B) Temporary.
C) Unpredictable. 
D) Measurable.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It depends heavily on tourism.
B) It is flourishing in foreign trade.
C) It is mainly based on agriculture.
D) It relies chiefly on mineral export.
17. A)Tobacco. 
B) Bananas. 
C) Coffee. 
D) Sugar.
18. A) They toil on farms. 
C) They live in Spanish-style houses.
2021年12月英语六级真题第1 套第2 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 31 -----
B) They live a poor life. 
D) They hire people to do housework.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They will be more demanding of their next generation.
B) They will end up lonely, dependent and dissatisfied.
C) They will experience more setbacks than successes.
D) They will find it difficult to get along with others.
20. A) Failure to pay due attention to their behavior.
B) Unwillingness to allow them to play with toys.
C) Unwillingness to satisfy their wishes immediately.
D) Failure to spend sufficient quality time with them.
21. A) It will enable them to learn from mistakes.
B) It will help them to handle disappointment.
C) It will do much good to their mental health.
D) It will build their ability to endure hardships
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Failing to make sufficient preparations.
B) Looking away from the hiring manager.
C) Saying the wrong thing at the wrong time.
D) Making a wrong judgment of the interview.
23. A) Complaining about their previous job.
B) Inquiring about their salary to be paid.
C) Exaggerating their academic background.
D) Understating their previous achievements.
24. A)Those who have both skill and experience.
B) Those who get along well with colleagues.
C) Those who take initiative in their work.
D) Those who are loyal to their managers.
25. A) Ability to shoulder new responsibilities.
B) Experience of performing multiple roles.
C) Readiness to work to flexible schedules.
D) Skills to communicate with colleagues.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
2021年12月英语六级真题第1 套第3 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 32 -----
If you think life is wonderful and expect it to stay that way, then you may have a good
chance of living to a ripe old age, at least that is what the findings of a new study suggest.
That study found that participants who reported the highest levels of optimism were far
more likely to live to age 85 or 
26 
. This was compared to those participants who
reported the lowest levels of optimism. It is 
27 
that the findings held even after the
researchers considered factors that could 
28 
the link, including whether participants
had health conditions such as heart disease or cancer, or whether they experienced
depression. The results add to a growing body of evidence that certain psychological factors
may predict a longer life 
29 
. For example, previous studies have found that more
optimistic people have a lower risk of developing chronic diseases, and a lower risk of
30 
death. However, the new study appears to be the first to 
31 
look at the
relationship between optimism and longevity. The researchers 
32 
that the link found
in the new study was not as strong when they factored in the effects of certain health
behaviors, including exercise levels, sleep habits and diet. This suggests that these
behaviors may, at least in part, explain the link. In other words, optimism may 
33 
good
habits that bolster health. It is also important to note that the study found only a 
34 
, as
researchers did not prove for certain that optimism leads to a longer life. However, if the
findings are true, they suggest that optimism could serve as a psychological 
35 
that
promotes health and a longer life.
A) affect
I) plausibly
B) beyond
J) premature
C) conceded
K) reconciled
D) correlation
L) span
E) foster
M) specifically
F) henceforth
N) spiral
G) lofty
0) trait
H) noteworthy
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
2021年12月英语六级真题第1 套第4 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 33 -----
No one in fashion is surprised that Burberry burnt £28 million of stock
A) Last week, Burberry's annual report revealed that £28.6 million worth of stock was
burnt last year. The news has left investors and consumers outraged but comes as little
surprise to those in the fashion industry.
B) The practice of destroying unsold stock, and even rolls of unused fabric, is
commonplace fbr luxury labels. Becoming too widely available at a cheaper price
through discount stores discourages full-price sales. Sending products for recycling
leaves them vulnerable to being stolen and sold on the black market. Jasmine Bina,
CEO of brand strategy agency Concept Bureau explains, ''Typically, luxury brands rally
around exclusivity to protect their business interests, namely intellectual property and
preservation of brand equity (资产)She stated she had heard rumors of stock burning
but not specific cases until this week.
C) Another reason for the commonplace practice is a financial incentive fbr brands
exporting goods to America. United States Customs states that if imported merchandise
is unused and destroyed under their supervision, 99% of the duties, taxes or fees paid on
the merchandise may be recovered. It is incredibly difficult to calculate how much dead
stock currently goes to waste. While there are incentives to do it, there5s no legal
obligation to report it.
D) A source, who chose to remain anonymous, shared her experience working in a
Burberry store in New York in October 2016. “My job was to toss items in boxes so
they could be sent to be burned. It was killing me inside because all that leather and fiir
went to waste and animals had died for nothing. I couldn't stay there any longer, their
business practices threw me off the roof." In May this year, Burberry announced it was
taking fur out of its catwalk shows and reviewing its use elsewhere in the business.
“Even though we asked the management, they refused to give us detailed answers as to
why they would do this with their collection,continued the source, who left her role
within two weeks. She has since worked with another high-profile, luxury label.
E) In an online forum post, which asked if ifs true that Louis Vuitton burned its bags,
Ahmed Bouchfaa, who claimed to work for Louis Vuitton, responded that the brand
holds sales of old stock fbr staff members twice a year. Items which have still not sold
after several sales are destroyed. t4Louis Vuitton doesn't have public sales. They either
sell a product at a given price or discontinue it. This is to make sure that everybody
pays the same price for an item 
he says. He goes on to disclose the strict guidelines
around the employee sales: 4tYou may buy gifts for someone, but they track each item,
and if your gift ends up online they know who to ask." One investor commenting on the
Burberry figures was reportedly outraged that the unsold goods were not even offered to
investors before they were destroyed.
F) Richemont, who owns several luxury brands, hit the headlines in May for taking back
£437 million of watches fbr destruction in the last two years to avoid marked-down
prices. Ifs not just luxury brands either. In October last year, a Danish TV show
exposed H&M fbr burning 12 tonnes of unsold clothing since 2013. In a statement, the
high street retailer defended itself by saying that the burnt clothing had failed safety
tests: "The products to which the media are referring have been tested in external
laboratories. The test results show that one of the products is mold infested and the
2021年12月英语六级真题第1 套第5 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 34 -----
other product contains levels of lead that are too high. Those products have rightly been
stopped in accordance with our safety routines.In March, a report revealed that H&M
was struggling with $4.3 billion worth of unsold stock. The brand told The New York
Times that the plan was to reduce prices to move the stock, arguably encouraging
consumers to buy and throw away with little thought.
G) Over-production is perhaps the biggest concern for Burberry. While there has been
much outrage at the elitist connotation of burning goods rather than making them
affordable, executives at the British fashion house are no doubt struggling to defend
how they miscalculated production. The waste has been put down to burning old
cosmetic stock to make way for their new beauty range. However, while the value of
destroyed stock is up from £26.9 million last year, ifs an even more significant increase
from 2016's figure of £18.8 million, highlighting that this is an ongoing issue.
H) In September 2016, Burberry switched to a “see now, buy now“ catwalk show format.
The move was a switch to leverage on the coverage of their fashion week show to make
stock available immediately to consumers. This is opposed to the traditional format of
presenting to the industry, taking orders for production and becoming available in
six months, time. While Burberry announced “record-breaking“ online reach and
engagement, there has been little evidence to suggest that the strategy has had a
significant effect on sales, particularly as the hype (炒作)slows across the season. In
February they made adjustments to the format, dropping some catwalk items
immediately and promising that others would launch in the coming months.
I) In a statement, Burberry denied that switching to “see now, buy now“ has had an impact
on waste. A Burberry spokesperson further said, “On the occasions when disposal of
products is necessary, we do so in a responsible manner. We are always seeking ways to
reduce and revalue our waste. This is a core part of our strategy and we have forged
partnerships and committed support to innovative organizations to help reach this goal.^^
J) One such partnership is with Elvis & Kresse, an accessories brand working with
reclaimed materials. Co-fbunder Kresse Wesling said, “Late last year we launched an
ambitious five-year partnership with the Burberry Foundation. The main aim of this is to
scale our leather rescue project, starting with off-cuts from the production of Burberry
leather goods. We are working tirelessly to expand our solutions and would love to
welcome anyone to our workshop to come and see what we are doing.5, At the moment,
the partnership only addresses waste at the production stage and not unsold goods.
K) While these are honorable schemes, it makes it harder for Burberry to defend these
latest figures. Fifteen years ago, Burberry was at crisis point as their signature check
pattern was widely imitated by cheap, imitation brands. It deterred luxury consumers
who found their expensive clothing more closely associated with working-class youth
culture than a prestigious heritage fashion house. In the year 2004, at the height of
over-exposure of the Burberry check, the brand's turnover was £715.5 million. Under
Christopher Bailey as creative director they turned the brand around and this past year
revenue hit £2.73 billion.
L) Bina believes that brands need to readdress their exclusivity tactic. ''Exclusivity is
starting to be challenged,she says, “I think that goes hand in hand with how luxury
itself is being challenged. Access to fashion, and the brands who police it, are becoming
2021年12月英语六级真题第1 套第6 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 35 -----
less and less relevant. Things like health, enlightenment, and social and environmental
responsibility are the new luxuries. These all come from within, not without. Thafs the
challenge that traditional luxury brands will have to contend with in the mid-to
long-term future.”
36. Burberry's executives are trying hard to attribute their practice of destroying old
products to miscalculated production.
37. Selling products at a discount will do greater harm to luxury brands than destroying
them.
38. Imitated Burberry products discouraged luxury consumers from buying its genuine
products.
39. Staff members of a luxury brand may buy its old stock at cheaper prices, but they are
not allowed to resell them.
40. In future traditional luxury brands will have to adapt their business strategies to the
changing concepts of luxury.
41. One luxury brand employee quit her job because she simply couldn't bear to see the
destruction of unsold products.
42. Destroying old stock is a practice not just of luxury brands but of less prestigious
fashion brands.
43. Burberry is working with a partner to make full use of leather materials to reduce waste.
44. Burberry's plan to destroy its unsold products worth millions of dollars aroused public
indignation.
45. Burberry's change of marketing strategy to make a product available as soon as
consumers see it on the fashion show did not turn out to be as effective as expected.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Social media is absolutely everywhere. Billions of people use social media on a daily
basis to create, share, and exchange ideas, messages, and information. Both individuals and
businesses post regularly to engage and interact with people from around the world. It is a
powerful communication medium that simultaneously provides immediate, frequent,
permanent, and wide-reaching information across the globe.
People post their lives on social media for the world to see. Facebook, Twitter,
Linkedln, and countless other social channels provide a quick and simple way to glimpse
into a job candidate's personal life—both the positive and negative sides of it. Social media
screening is tempting to use as part of the hiring process, but should employers make use of
it when researching a potential candidate's background?
Incorporating the use of social media to screen job candidates is not an uncommon
2021年12月英语六级真题第1 套第7 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 36 -----
practice. A 2018 survey found that almost 70% of employers use social media to screen
candidates before hiring them. But there are consequences and potential legal risks involved
too. When done inappropriately, social media screening can be considered Unethical or
even illegal.
Social media screening is essentially scrutinising a job candidate's private life. It can
reveal information about protected characteristics like age, race, nationality, disability,
gender, religion, etc., and that could bias a hiring decision. Pictures or comments on a
private page that are taken out of context could ruin a perfectly good candidate's chances of
getting hired. This process could potentially give an unfair advantage to one candidate over
another. It creates an unequal playing field and potentially provides hiring managers with
information that can impact their hiring decision in a negative way.
Ifs hard to ignore social media as a screening tool. While there are things that you
shouldn't see, there are some things that can be lawfully considered- making it a valuable
source of relevant information too. Using social media screening appropriately can help
ensure that you don't hire a toxic employee who will cost you money or stain your
company's reputation. Consider the lawful side of this process and you may be able to hire
the best employee ever. There is a delicate balance.
Screening job candidates on social media must be done professionally and responsibly.
Companies should stipulate that they will never ask for passwords, be consistent, document
decisions, consider the source used and be aware that other laws may apply. In light of this
it is probably best to look later in the process and ask human resources for help in
navigating it. Social media is here to stay. But before using social media to screen job
candidates, consulting with management and legal teams beforehand is essential in order to
comply with all laws.
46. What does the author mainly discuss in the passage?
A) The advantage of using social media in screening job candidates.
B) The potentially invasive nature of social media in everyday life.
C) Whether the benefits of social media outweigh the drawbacks.
D) Whether social media should be used to screen job candidates.
47. What might happen when social media is used to screen job candidates?
A) Moral or legal issues might arise.
B) Company reputation might suffer.
C) Sensational information might surface.
D) Hiring decisions might be complicated.
48. When could online personal information be detrimental to candidates?
A) When it is separated from context.
B) When it is scrutinised by an employer.
C) When it is magnified to a ruinous degree.
D) When it is revealed to the human resources.
49. How can employers use social media information to their advantage while avoiding
unnecessary risks?
2021年12月英语六级真题第1 套第8 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 37 -----
A) By tipping the delicate balance.
B) By using it in a legitimate way.
C) By keeping personal information on record.
D) By separating relevant from irrelevant data.
50. What does the author suggest doing before screening job candidates on social media?
A) Hiring professionals to navigate the whole process.
B) Anticipating potential risks involved in the process.
C) Seeking advice from management and legal experts.
D) Stipulating a set of rules for asking specific questions.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
In recent years, the food industry has increased its use of labels. Whether the labels say
'non-GMO ( 非转基因 的)，or 4no sugar/ or 'zero carbohydrates5, consumers are
increasingly demanding more information about whafs in their food. One report found that
39 percent of consumers would switch from the brands they currently buy to others that
provide clearer, more accurate product information. Food manufacturers are responding to
the report with new labels to meet that demand, and they5re doing so with an eye towards
giving their products an advantage over the competition, and bolstering profits.
This strategy makes intuitive sense. If consumers say they want transparency, tell them
exactly what is in your product. That is simply supplying a certain demand. But the
marketing strategy in response to this consumer demand has gone beyond articulating what
is in a product, to labeling what is NOT in the food. These labels are known as “absence
claims^^ labels, and they represent an emerging labeling trend that is detrimental both to the
consumers who purchase the products and the industry that supplies them.
For example, Hunfs put a “non-GMO“ label on its canned crushed tomatoes a few
years ago- despite the fact that at the time there was no such thing as a GMO tomato on
the market. Some dairy companies are using the “non-GMO“ label on their milk, despite
the fact that all milk is naturally GMO-free, another label that creates unnecessary fear
around food.
While creating labels that play on consumer fears and misconceptions about their food
may give a company a temporary marketing advantage over competing products on the
grocery aisle, in the long term this strategy will have just the opposite effect: by injecting
fear into the discourse about our food, we run the risk of eroding consumer trust in not just
a single product, but the entire food business.
Eventually, it becomes a question in consumers, minds: Were these foods ever safe?
By purchasing and consuming these types of products, have I already done some kind of
harm to my family or the planet?
For food manufacturers, it will mean damaged consumer trust and lower sales fbr
everyone. And this isn't just supposition. A recent study found that absence claims labels can
create a stigma around foods even when there is no scientific evidence that they cause harm.
Ifs clear that food manufacturers must tread carefully when it comes to using absence
claims. In addition to the likely negative long-term impact on sales, this verbal trick sends a
2021年12月英语六级真题第1 套第9 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 38 -----
message that innovations in farming and food processing are unwelcome, eventually
leading to less efficiency, fewer choices for consumers, and ultimately, more costly food
products. If we allow this kind of labeling to continue, we will all lose.
51. What trend has been observed in a report?
A) Food manufacturers? rising awareness of product safety.
B) Food manufacturers9 changing strategies to bolster profits.
C) Consumers5 growing demand fbr eye-catching food labels.
D) Consumers? increasing desire fbr clear product information.
52. What does the author say is manufacturers new marketing strategy?
A) Stressing the absence of certain elements in their products.
B) Articulating the unique nutritional value of their products.
C) Supplying detailed information of their products.
D) Designing transparent labels fbr their products.
53. What point does the author make about non-GMO labels?
A) They are increasingly attracting customers5 attention.
B) They create lots of trouble for GMO food producers.
C) They should be used more fbr vegetables and milk.
D) They cause anxiety about food among consumers.
54. What does the author say absence claims labels will do to food manufacturers?
A) Cause changes in their marketing strategies.
B) Help remove stigma around their products.
C) Erode consumer trust and reduce sales.
D) Decrease support from food scientists.
55. What does the author suggest food manufacturers do?
A) Take measures to lower the cost of food products.
B) Exercise caution about the use of absence claims.
C) Welcome new innovations in food processing.
D) Promote efficiency and increase food variety.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
中国共产党第一次全国代表大会会址位于上海兴业路7 6 号，是一栋典型的上海式住宅，
建于1920年秋。1921年7 月2 3 日，中国共产党第一次全国代表大会在此召开，大会通过了
中国共产党的第一个纲领和第一个决议，选举产生了中央领导机构，宣告了中国共产党的
诞生。1952年9 月，中共一大会址修复，建立纪念馆并对外开放。纪念馆除了介绍参加一大
的代表之外，还介绍党的历史发展进程，现已成为了解党史，缅怀革命先烈的爱国主义教育
基地。
2021年12月英语六级真题第1 套第1 0 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 39 -----
2021年12月大学英语六级考试真题(第2 套)
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay related to the short
passage given below. In your essay, you are to comment on the phenomenon described in the
passage and suggest measures to address the issue. You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
Nowadays star chasing is prevalent among many teenagers. They take pop stars as their idols,
imitating their way of talking, following their style of dressing9 and seeking every chance to
meet them in person at great expenses.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) It has given rise to much controversy. 
C) It was primarily written fbr vegetarians.
B) It has been very favorably received. 
D) It offends many environmentalists.
2. A) She neglects people's efforts in animal protection.
B) She tries to force people to accept her radical ideas.
C) She ignores the various benefits of public transport.
D) She insists vegetarians are harming the environment.
3. A) They are significant. 
C) They are rational.
B) They are revolutionary. 
D) They are modest.
4. A) It would help to protect the environment.
B) It would generate money fbr public health.
C) It would need support from the general public.
D) It would force poor people to change their diet.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Where successful people's strengths come from.
B) Why many people fight so hard for success.
C) How she achieved her life's goal.
D) What makes people successful.
6. A) Having someone who has confidence in them.
B) Having someone who is ready to help them.
C) Having a firm belief in their own ability.
D) Having a realistic attitude towards life.
7. A) They adjust their goals accordingly. 
C) They stay positive.
B) They try hard to appear optimistic. 
D) They remain calm.
扫码获音频
2021年12月英语六级真题第2 套第1 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 40 -----
8. A) An understanding leadership. 
C) Mutual respect among colleagues.
B) A nurturing environment. 
D) Highly cooperative teammates.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end o f each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They use their sense of hearing to capture their prey.
B) Their food mainly consists of small animals and fish.
C) They have big eyes and distinctive visual centers.
D) Their ancestor is different from that of micro bats.
10. A) With the help of moonlight. 
C) With the aid of daylight vision.
B) By means of echolocation. 
D) By means of vision and smell.
11. A) To make up for their natural absence of vision.
B) To adapt themselves to a particular lifestyle.
C) To facilitate their travel over long distances.
D) To survive in the ever-changing weather.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) They acquire knowledge not found in books.
B) They learn how to interact with their peers.
C) They become more emotionally aggressive.
D) They get much better prepared for school.
13. A) They are far from emotionally prepared.
B) They tend to be more attracted by images.
C) They can't follow the conflicts in the show.
D) They lack the cognitive and memory skills.
14. A) Choose appropriate programs for their children.
B) Help their children understand the program;s plot.
C) Outline the program's plot for their children first.
D) Monitor their children's watching of TV programs.
15. A) Explain its message to their children.
B) Check if their children have enjoyed it.
C) Encourage their children to retell the story.
D) Ask their children to describe its characters.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They are afraid of iiijuring their feet. 
C) They believe a little dirt harms no one.
2021年12月英语六级真题第2 套第2 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 41 -----
B) They have never developed the habit. 
D) They find it rather troublesome to do so.
17. A) Different types of bacteria existed on public-toilet floors.
B) There were more bacteria on sidewalks than in the home.
C) Office carpets collected more bacteria than elsewhere.
D) A large number of bacteria collected on a single shoe.
18. A) The chemicals on shoes can deteriorate air quality.
B) Shoes can upset family members with their noise.
C) The marks left by shoes are hard to erase.
D) Shoes can leave scratches on the floor.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It is sinful and immoral. 
C) It is an uncontrollable behavior.
B) It is deemed uncivilized. 
D) It is a violation of faith and trust.
20. A) Assess their consequences. 
C) Accept them as normal.
B) Guard against their harm. 
D) Find out their causes.
21. A) Try to understand what messages they convey.
B) Pay attention to their possible consequences.
C) Consider them from different perspectives.
D) Make sure they are brought under control.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Cultivation of new varieties of crops.
B) Measures to cope with climate change.
C) Development of more effective pesticides.
D) Application of more nitrogen-rich fertilizers.
23. A) The expansion of farmland in developing countries.
B) The research on crop rotation in developing countries.
C) The cooperation of the world5 s agricultural scientists.
D) The improvement of agricultural infrastructure.
24. A) For encouraging farmers to embrace new farming techniques.
B) For aligning their research with advances in farming technology.
C) For turning their focus to the needs of farmers in poorer countries.
D) For cooperating closely with policymakers in developing countries.
25. A) Rapid transition to become a food exporter.
B) Substantial funding in agricultural research.
C) Quick rise to become a leading grain producer.
D) Assumption of humanitarian responsibilities.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
2021年12月英语六级真题第2 套第3 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 42 -----
According to psychologist Sharon Draper, our clothing choices can absolutely affect
our well-being. When we wear ill-fitting clothes, or feel over- or under-dressed for an event,
ifs natural to feel self-conscious or even stressed. Conversely, she says, opting for clothes
that fit well and 
26 
with your sense of style can improve your confidence.
But can you improve your health through your 
27 
clothing, without having to
dash out and buy a whole new 
28 
? ”Absolutely,“ says Draper. If your goal is to
improve your thinking, she recommends picking clothes that fit well and are unlikely to
encourage restlessness, so, avoid bows, ties and unnecessary 
29 
. It also helps to opt
for clothes you 
30 
as tying in with your goals, so, if you want to perform better at
work, select pieces you view as professional. Draper says this fits in with the concept of
behavioral activation, whereby 
31 
in a behavior (in this case, selecting clothes) can
set you on the path to then achieving your goals (working harder).
Another way to improve your 
32 
of mind is to mix things up. Draper says we
often feel stuck in a n// ( 常规) if we wear the same clothes- even if they5re our
favorites- thus opting fbr an item you don't wear often, or adding something different to an
outfit, such as a hat, can 
33 
shift your mood. On days when you5re really 
34 
to
brave the world, Draper suggests selecting sentimental items of clothing, such as ones you
wore on a special day, or given to you by a loved one, as clothes with 
35 
associations
can help you tap into constructive emotions.
A) accessories
I) perceive
B) align
J) positively
C) concurrently
K) profile
D) current
L) prospering
E) engaging
M) reluctant
F) fond
N) showcase
G) frame
0) wardrobe
H) locations
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2.
2021年12月英语六级真题第2 套第4 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 43 -----
Do music lessons really make children smarter?
A) A recent analysis found that most research mischaracterizes the relationship between
music and skills enhancement.
B) In 2004, a paper appeared in the journal Psychological Science, titled “Music Lessons
Enhance IQ." The author, composer and psychologist Glenn Schellenberg had
conducted an experiment with 144 children randomly assigned to four groups: one
learned the keyboard for a year, one took singing lessons, one joined an acting class,
and a control group had no extracurricular training. The IQ of the children in the two
musical groups rose by an average of seven points in the course of a year; those in the
other two groups gained an average of 4.3 points.
C) Schellenberg had long been skeptical of the science supporting claims that music
education enhances children's abstract reasoning, math, or language skills. If children
who play the piano are smarter, he says, it doesn't necessarily mean they are smarter
because they play the piano. It could be that the youngsters who play the piano also
happen to be more ambitious or better at focusing on a task. Correlation, after all, does
not prove causation.
D) The 2004 paper was specifically designed to address those concerns. And as a
passionate musician, Schellenberg was delighted when he turned up credible evidence
that music has transfer effects on general intelligence. But nearly a decade later, in 2013,
the Education Endowment Foundation funded a bigger study with more than 900
students. That study failed to confirm Schellenberg's findings, producing no evidence
that music lessons improved math and literacy skills.
E) Schellenberg took that news in stride while continuing to cast a skeptical eye on the
research in his field. Recently, he decided to formally investigate just how often his
fellow researchers in psychology and neuroscience make what he believes are
erroneous- or at least premature- causal connections between music and intelligence.
His results, published in May, suggest that many of his peers do just that.
F) For his recent study, Schellenberg asked two research assistants to look for correlational
studies on the effects of music education. They found a total of 114 papers published
since 2000. To assess whether the authors claimed any causation, researchers then
looked for telltale verbs in each paper5s title and abstract, verbs like “enhance,“
“promote,“ "facilitate," and "strengthen." The papers were categorized as neuroscience
if the study employed a brain imaging method like magnetic resonance, or if the study
appeared in a journal that had “brain,“ “neuroscience,“ or a related term in its title.
Otherwise the papers were categorized as psychology. Schellenberg didn't tell his
assistants what exactly he was trying to prove.
G) After computing their assessments, Schellenberg concluded that the majority of the
articles erroneously claimed that music training had a causal effect. The overselling, he
also found, was more prevalent among neuroscience studies, three quarters of which
mischaracterized a mere association between music training and skills enhancement as a
cause-and-effect relationship. This may come as a surprise to some. Psychologists have
been battling charges that they don't do "real" science for some time—in large part
because many findings from classic experiments have proved unreproducible.
Neuroscientists, on the other hand, armed with brain scans and EEGs (月曲电 图)，have
not been subject to the same degree of critique.
2021年12月英语六级真题第2 套第5 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 44 -----
H) To argue for a cause-and-eflect relationship, scientists must attempt to explain why and
how a connection could occur. When it comes to transfer effects of music, scientists
frequently point to brain plasticity- the fact that the brain changes according to how we
use it. When a child leams to play the violin, for example, several studies have shown
that the brain region responsible for the fine motor skills of the left hand's fingers is
likely to grow. And many experiments have shown that musical training improves
certain hearing capabilities, 1 汰e filtering voices from background noise or distinguishing
the difference between the consonants (辅音)'b' and 'g '.
I) But Schellenberg remains highly critical of how the concept of plasticity has been
applied in his field. "Plasticity has become an industry of its own,^^ he wrote in his May
paper. Practice does change the brain, he allows, but what is questionable is the
assertion that these changes affect other brain regions, such as those responsible fbr
spatial reasoning or math problems.
J) Neuropsychologist Lutz Jancke agrees. "Most of these studies don't allow for causal
inferences,,, he said. For over two decades, Jancke has researched the effects of music
lessons, and like Schellenberg, he believes that the only way to truly understand their
effects is to run longitudinal studies. In such studies, researchers would need to follow
groups of children with and without music lessons over a long period of time- even if
the assignments are not completely random. Then they could compare outcomes for
each group.
K) Some researchers are starting to do just that. The neuroscientist Peter Schneider from
Heidelberg University in Germany, fbr example, has been following a group of children
for ten years now. Some of them were handed musical instruments and given lessons
through a school-based program in the Ruhr region of Germany called Jedem Kind ein
Instrument, or “an instrument for every child,“ which was carried out with government
funding. Among these children, Schneider has found that those who were enthusiastic
about music and who practiced voluntarily showed improvements in hearing ability, as
well as in more general competencies, such as the ability to concentrate.
L) To establish whether effects such as improved concentration are caused by music
participation itself, and not by investing time in an extracurricular activity of any kind,
Assal Habibi, a psychology professor at the University of Southern California, is
conducting a five-year longitudinal study with children from low-income communities
in Los Angeles. The youngsters fall into three groups: those who take after-school
music, those who do after-school sports, and those with no structured after-school
program at all. After two years, Habibi and her colleagues reported seeing structural
changes in the brains of the musically trained children, both locally and in the pathways
connecting different parts of the brain.
M) That may seem compelling, but Habibi's children were not selected randomly. Did the
children who were drawn to music perhaps have something in them from the start that
made them different but eluded the brain scanners? ”As somebody who started taking
piano lessons at the age of five and got up every morning at seven to practice, that
experience changed me and made me part of who I am today,5, Schellenberg said. "The
question is whether those kinds of experiences do so systematically across individuals
and create exactly the same changes. And I think that is that huge leap of faith.,,
N) Did he have a hidden talent that others didn't have? Or more endurance than his peers?
2021年12月英语六级真题第2 套第6 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 45 -----
Music researchers tend, like Schellenberg, to be musicians themselves, and as he noted
in his recent paper, 4tthe idea of positive cognitive and neural side effects from music
training (and other pleasurable activities) is inherently appealing.He also admits that if
he had children of his own, he would encourage them to take music lessons and go to
university. "I would think that it makes them better people, more critical, just wiser in
general,he said.
O) But those convictions should be checked at the entrance to the lab, he added. Otherwise,
the work becomes religion or faith. 4tYou have to let go of your faith if you want to be a
scientist/5
36. Glenn Schellenberg's latest research suggests many psychologists and neuroscientists
wrongly believe in the causal relationship between music and IQ.
37. The belief in the positive effects of music training appeals to many researchers who are
musicians themselves.
38. Glenn Schellenberg was doubtful about the claim that music education helps enhance
children's intelligence.
39. Glenn Schellenberg came to the conclusion that most of the papers assessed made the
wrong claim regarding music?s effect on intelligence.
40. You must abandon your unverified beliefs before you become a scientist.
41. Lots of experiments have demonstrated that people with music training can better
differentiate certain sounds.
42. Glenn Schellenberg's findings at the beginning of this century were not supported by a
larger study carried out some ten years later.
43. One researcher shares Glenn Schellenberg, view that it is necessary to conduct
long-term developmental studies to understand the effects of music training.
44. Glenn Schellenberg's research assistants had no idea what he was trying to prove in his
new study.
45. Glenn Schellenberg admits that practice can change certain areas of the brain but doubts
that the change can affect other areas.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The trend toward rationality and enlightenment was endangered long before the advent
of the World Wide Web. As Neil Postman noted in his 1985 book Amusing Ourselves to
Death, the rise of television introduced not just a new medium but a new discourse: a
gradual shift from a typographic ( 印用U 的) culture to a photographic one, which in turn
meant a shift from rationality to emotions, exposition to entertainment. In an image-centered
and pleasure-driven world, Postman noted, there is no place for rational thinking, because
you simply cannot think with images. It is text that enables us to “uncover lies, confusions
“ 
" 
2021年12月英语六级真题第2 套第7 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 46 -----
and overgeneralizations, and to detect abuses of logic and common sense. It also means to
weigh ideas, to compare and contrast assertions, to connect one generalization to another.”
The dominance of television was not confined to our living rooms. It overturned all of
those habits of mind, fundamentally changing our experience of the world, affecting the
conduct of politics, religion, business, and culture. It reduced many aspects of modem life
to entertainment, sensationalism, and commerce. ''Americans don't talk to each other, we
entertain each other,55 Postman wrote. "They don't exchange ideas, they exchange images.
They do not argue with propositions, they argue with good looks, celebrities and
commercials.
At first, the web seemed to push against this trend. When it emerged towards the end
of the 1980s as a purely text-based medium, it was seen as a tool to pursue knowledge, not
pleasure. Reason and thought were most valued in this garden- all derived from the project
of the Enlightenment. Universities around the world were among the first to connect to this
new medium, which hosted discussion groups, informative personal or group blogs,
electronic magazines, and academic mailing lists and fbrums. It was an intellectual project,
not about commerce or control, created in a scientific research center in Switzerland. And
for more than a decade, the web created an alternative space that threatened television's
grip on society.
Social networks, though, have since colonized the web for television's values. From
Facebook to Instagram, the medium refocuses our attention on videos and images,
rewarding emotional appeals—like' buttons—over rational ones. Instead of a quest for
knowledge, it engages us in an endless zest (热情)for instant approval from an audience,
for which we are constantly but unconsciously performing. ( Ifs telling that, while Google
began life as a PhD thesis, Facebook started as a tool to judge classmates, appearances.) It
reduces our curiosity by showing us exactly what we already want and think, based on our
profiles and preferences. The Enlightenmenfs motto ( 座右铭) of 'Dare to know' has
become 'Dare not to care to know.'
46. What did Neil Postman say about the rise of television?
A) It initiated a change from dominance of reason to supremacy of pleasure.
B) It brought about a gradual shift from cinema going to home entertainment.
C) It started a revolution in photographic technology.
D) It marked a new age in the entertainment industry.
47. According to the passage, what is the advantage of text reading?
A) It gives one access to huge amounts of information.
B) It allows more information to be processed quickly.
C) It is capable of enriching one's life.
D) It is conducive to critical thinking.
48. How has television impacted Americans?
A) It has given them a lot more to argue about.
B) It has brought celebrities closer to their lives.
C) It has made them care more about what they say.
D) It has rendered their interactions more superficial.
2021年12月英语六级真题第2 套第8 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 47 -----
49. What does the passage say about the World Wide Web?
A) It was developed primarily for universities worldwide.
B) It was created to connect people in different countries.
C) It was viewed as a means to quest for knowledge.
D) It was designed as a discussion fbrum for university students.
50. What do we learn about users of social media?
A) They are bent on looking for an alternative space for escape.
B) They are constantly seeking approval from their audience.
C) They are forever engaged in hunting for new information.
D) They are unable to fbcus their attention on tasks for long.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
According to a recent study, a small but growing proportion of the workforce is
affected to some degree by a sense of entitlement. Work is less about what they can
contribute but more about what they can take. It can lead to workplace dysfunction and
diminish their own job satisfaction. I'm not referring to employees who are legitimately
dissatisfied with their employment conditions due to, say, being denied fair pay or flexible
work practices. I'm talking about those who consistently believe they deserve special
treatment and generous rewards. Ifs an expectation that exists irrespective of their abilities
or levels of performance.
As a result of that discrepancy between the privileges they feel they're owed and their
inflated sense of self-worth, they don't work as hard for their employer. They prefer instead
to slack off. Ifs a tendency which many scholars believe begins in childhood due to parents
who overindulge their kids. This thereby leads them to expect the same kind of spoilt
treatment throughout their adult lives. And yet despite how these employees feel, ifs
obviously important fbr their manager to nonetheless find out how to keep them motivated.
And, by virtue of that heightened motivation, to perform well.
The research team from several American universities surveyed more than 240
individuals. They sampled managers as well as team members. Employee entitlement was
measured by statements such as “I honestly feel I'm just more deserving than others.
The respondents had to rate the extent of their agreement. Employee engagement,
meanwhile, was assessed with statements like “I really throw myself into my work." The
findings revealed ethical leadership is precisely what alleviates the negative effects of
employee entitlement. That's because rather than indulging employees or neglecting them,
ethical leaders communicate very direct and clear expectations. They also hold employees
accountable for their behaviors and are genuinely committed to doing the right thing.
Additionally, these leaders are consistent in their standards. They5re also less likely to
deviate in how they treat employees.
This means, when confronted by an entitled team member, an ethical leader is
significantly disinclined to accommodate their demands. He or she will instead point out,
constructively and tactfully, exactly how their inflated sense of deservingness is somewhat
distorted. They'd then go further to explain the specific, and objective, criteria the
employee must meet to receive their desired rewards. This shift away from unrealistic
2021年12月英语六级真题第2 套第9 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 48 -----
expectations is successful because entitled employees feel more confident that ethical
leaders will deliver on their promises. This occurs because they5re perceived to be fair and
trustworthy.
The researchers, however, exercise caution by warning no one single response is the
perfect remedy. But there's no denying ethical leadership is at least a critical step in the
right direction.
51. What does a recent study find about a growing number of workers?
A) They attempt to make more contributions.
B) They feel they deserve more than they get.
C) They attach importance to job satisfaction.
D) They try to diminish workplace dysfunction.
52. Why don't some employees work hard according to many scholars?
A) They lack a strong sense of self-worth.
B) They were spoiled when growing up.
C) They have received unfair treatment.
D) They are overindulged by their boss.
53. What is a manager supposed to do to enable workers to do a better job?
A) Be aware of their emotions.
B) Give them timely promotions.
C) Keep a record of their performance.
D) Seek ways to sustain their motivation.
54. What do the research findings reveal about ethical leaders?
A) They are held accountable by their employees.
B) They are always transparent in their likes and dislikes.
C) They convey their requirements in a straightforward way.
D) They make it a point to be on good terms with their employees.
55. What kind of leaders are viewed as ethical by entitled employees?
A) Those who can be counted on to fulfill commitments.
B) Those who can do things beyond normal expectations.
C) Those who exercise caution in making major decisions.
D) Those who know how to satisfy their employees, needs.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
延安位于陕西省北部，地处黄河中游，是中国革命的圣地。毛泽东等老一辈革命家曾在这
里生活战斗了十三个春秋，领导了抗日战争和解放战争，培育了延安精神，为中国革命做出
了巨大贡献。延安的革命旧址全国数量最大、分布最广，级别最高。延安是全国爱国主义、
革命传统和延安精神教育基地。延安有9 个革命纪念馆，珍藏着中共中央和老一辈革命家在
延安时期留存下来的大量重要物品，因此享有“中国革命博物馆城”的美誉。
2021年12月英语六级真题第2 套第1 0 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 49 -----
2021年12月大学英语六级考试真题(第3 套)
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay related to the short
passage given below. In your essay, you are to comment on the phenomenon described in the
passage and suggest measures to address the issue. You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
Some parents in China are overprotective of their children. They plan everything for their
children, make all the decisions for them, and do not allow them to explore on their own in case
they make mistakes or get hurt.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2021年12月大学英语六级考试全国共考了两套听力，本套的
听力内容与第二套相同，因此本套听力部分不再重复给出。
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2021年12 月六级考试共考了 2 套阅读词汇理解，本套阅读
词汇理解与全2 套内容完全一样，因此在本套真题中不再重复出现。
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer sheet 2.
Why facts don't change our minds
A) The economist J. K. Galbraith once wrote, “Faced with a choice between changing
one's mind and proving there is no need to do so, almost everyone gets busy with the
proof.”
B) Leo Tolstoy was even bolder: "The most difficult subjects can be explained to the most
slow-witted man if he has not formed any idea of them already; but the simplest thing
cannot be made clear to the most intelligent man if he is firmly persuaded that he knows
already, without a shadow of a doubt, what is laid before
C) W hafs going on here? Why don't facts change our minds? And why would someone
continue to believe a folse or inaccurate idea anyway? How do such behaviors serve us?
Humans need a reasonably accurate view of the world in order to survive. If your model
of reality is wildly different from the actual world, then you struggle to take effective
actions each day. However, truth and accuracy are not the only things that matter to the
human mind. Humans also seem to have a deep desire to belong.
D) In Atomic Habits, I wrote, "Humans are herd animals. We want to fit in, to bond with
others, and to earn the respect and approval of our peers. Such inclinations are essential
to our survival. For most of our evolutionary history, our ancestors lived in tribes.
Becoming separated from the tribe-
or worse, being cast out- was a death sentence.
2021年12月英语六级真题第3 套第1 页共6 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 50 -----
E) Understanding the truth of a situation is important, but so is remaining part of a tribe.
While these two desires often work well together, they occasionally come into conflict.
In many circumstances, social connection is actually more helpful to your daily life than
understanding the truth of a particular fact or idea. The Harvard psychologist Steven
Pinker put it this way, “People are embraced or condemned according to their beliefs, so
one function of the mind may be to hold beliefs that bring the beliei- holder the greatest
number of allies, protectors, or disciples (信徒)，rather than beliefs that are most likely
to be true.”
F) We don't always believe things because they are correct. Sometimes we believe things
because they make us look good to the people we care about. I thought Kevin Simler
put it well when he wrote, t4If a brain anticipates that it will be rewarded fbr adopting a
particular belief, ifs perfectly happy to do so, and doesn't much care where the reward
comes from- whether it's pragmatic (实 用主义的)(better outcomes resulting from
better decisions), social (better treatment from one's peers), or some mix of the two.”
G) False beliefs can be useful in a social sense even if they are not useful in a factual sense.
For lack of a better phrase, we might call this approach ''factually false, but socially
accurate.When we have to choose between the two, people often select friends and
family over facts. This insight not only explains why we might hold our tongue at a
dinner party or look the other way when our parents say something offensive, but also
reveals a better way to change the minds of others.
H) Convincing someone to change their mind is really the process of convincing them to
change their tribe. If they abandon their beliefs, they run the risk of losing social ties.
You can't expect someone to change their mind if you take away their community too.
You have to give them somewhere to go. Nobody wants their worldview tom apart if
loneliness is the outcome.
I) The way to change people's minds is to become friends with them, to integrate them
into your tribe, to bring them into your circle. Now, they can change their beliefs
without the risk of being abandoned socially.
J) Perhaps it is not difference, but distance, that breeds tribalism and hostility. As
proximity increases, so does understanding. 1 am reminded of Abraham Lincoln's quote,
"I don't like that man. I must get to know him better.^^
K) Facts don't change our minds. Friendship does. Years ago, Ben Casnocha mentioned an
idea to me that I havenbeen able to shake: The people who are most likely to change
our minds are the ones we agree with on 98 percent of topics. If someone you know,
like, and trust believes a radical idea, you are more likely to give it merit, weight, or
consideration. You already agree with them in most areas of life. Maybe you should
change your mind on this one too. But if someone wildly different than you proposes
the same radical idea, well, it's easy to dismiss them as nuts.
L) One way to visualize this distinction is by mapping beliefs on a spectrum. If you divide
this spectrum into 10 units and you find yourself at Position 7, then there is little sense
in trying to convince someone at Position 1. The gap is too wide. When you're at
Position 7, your time is better spent connecting with people who are at Positions 6 and 8,
gradually pulling them in your direction.
M) The most heated arguments often occur between people on opposite ends of the
spectrum, but the most frequent learning occurs from people who are nearby. The closer
you are to someone, the more likely it becomes that the one or two beliefs you don't
2021年12月英语六级真题第3 套第2 页共6 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 51 -----
share will bleed over into your own mind and shape your thinking. The further away an
idea is from your current position, the more likely you are to reject it outright. When it
comes to changing people's minds, it is very difficult to jump from one side to another.
You can't jump down the spectrum. You have to slide down it.
N) Any idea that is sufficiently different from your current worldview will feel threatening.
And the best place to ponder a threatening idea is in a non-threatening environment. As
a result, books are often a better vehicle fbr transforming beliefs than conversations or
debates. In conversation, people have to carefully consider their status and appearance.
They want to save face and avoid looking stupid. When confronted with an
uncomfortable set of facts, the tendency is often to double down on their current
position rather than publicly admit to being wrong. Books resolve this tension. With a
book, the conversation takes place inside someone's head and without the risk of being
judged by others. Ifs easier to be open-minded when you aren't feeling defensive.
O) There is another reason bad ideas continue to live on, which is that people continue to
talk about them.Silence is death for any idea. An idea that is never spoken or written
down dies with the person who conceived it. Ideas can only be remembered when they
are repeated. They can only be believed when they are repeated. I have already pointed
out that people repeat ideas to signal they are part of the same social group. But here's a
crucial point most people miss: People also repeat bad ideas when they complain about
them. Before you can criticize an idea, you have to reference that idea. You end up
repeating the ideas you5re hoping people will forget- but, of course, people can't forget
them because you keep talking about them. The more you repeat a bad idea, the more
likely people are to believe it.
P) Lefs call this phenomenon Clear's Law of Recurrence: The number of people who
believe an idea is directly proportional to the number of times it has been repeated
during the last year- even if the idea is false.
36. According to the author, humans can hardly survive if separated from their community.
37. People often accept false beliefs because they prioritize social bonds rather than facts.
38. Most often people learn from those close to them.
39. Sometimes people adopt certain beliefs in order to leave a favorable impression on
those dear to them.
40. Compared with face-to-face communication, books often provide a better medium for
changing people's beliefs.
41. On many occasions in daily life, people benefit more from their social bonds than from
knowing the truth.
42. If you want to change somebody's beliefs, you should first establish social connection
with them.
43. Humans cannot survive without a fair knowledge of the actual world.
44. Repetition of bad ideas increases their chances of being accepted.
45. Nobody is willing to give up their beliefs at the risk of getting isolated.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
2021年12月英语六级真题第3 套第3 页共6 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 52 -----
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The subject of automation and its role in our economy has taken hold in American
public discourse. Technology broadly and automation specifically are dramatically
reshaping the way we work. And we need to have a plan fbr whafs still to come.
We don't have to look further than our own communities to see the devastating impact
of automation. From automated warehouses to cashierless grocery stores to neighborhood
libraries that offer self-checkout lanes instead of employing real people- automation is
increasingly replacing jobs and leaving too few good new jobs behind.
The statistics in manufacturing are staggering. Despite the widespread fears about
trade, a recent report showed that just 13 percent of jobs lost in manufacturing are due to
trade- the rest of the losses have been due to advances in technology.
That is why more people are criticizing the ever-increasing role of technology in our
economy. Our country is manufacturing more than ever before, but we are doing it with
fewer workers. However, ifs not just factories that are seeing losses- software and
information technology are also having a dramatic impact on jobs most people think are
secure from the forces of a rapidly-changing economy. Something transformative is
happening in America that is having an adverse effect on American families. Whether
policymakers and politicians admit it or not, workers have made clear their feelings about
their economic insecurity and desire to keep good jobs in America.
So why are people so insistent on ignoring the perils of automation? They are failing
to look ahead at a time when planning for the future is more important than ever. Resisting
automation is futile: it is as inevitable as industrialization was before it.I sincerely hope that
those who assert that automation will make us more effective and pave the way fbr new
occupations are right, but the reality of automation's detrimental effects on workers makes
me skeptical. No one can currently say where the new jobs are coming from or when, and
any sensible company or country should prepare for all alternatives.
I'm not overstating the danger: look at whafs happened to the labor force. According
to economic research, one in six working-age men, 25 一 54, doesn't have a job. Fifty years
ago, nearly 100 percent of men that age were working. Women's labor force participation,
meanwhile, has slipped back to the level it was at in the late 1980s.
American families and prominent business leaders are aware that there's a big problem
with automation. The value of a college degree is diminishing, and our upward mobility is
declining. If we want an economy that allows everyone to be economically secure, we need
to start thinking about how we can rightfully address automation.
46. What can we observe from the author's description of our communities?
A) The growing passion fbr automation.
B) The shift from manual jobs to IT ones.
C) Their changing views on employment.
D) Their fading employment opportunities.
47. What do we learn from a recent report?
A) The manufacturing sector is declining at a fast rate.
2021年12月英语六级真题第3 套第4 页共6 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 53 -----
B) The concerns about the effect of trade are exaggerated.
C) The fears about trade have been spreading far and wide.
D) The impact of trade on employment has been staggering.
48. What does the passage tell us about American workers in an era of transformation?
A) They feel ignored by politicians. 
C) They keep adapting to the changes.
B) They feel increasingly vulnerable. 
D) They keep complaining but to no avail.
49. What does the author think of automation?
A) It will have the same impact as industrialization.
B) It provides sensible companies with alternatives.
C) Its alleged positive effects are doubtful.
D) Its detrimental effects are unavoidable.
50. What should we attach importance to when dealing with automation?
A) College graduates9 job prospects. 
C) People's economic security.
B) Women's access to employment. 
D) People's social mobility.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Look at the people around you. Some are passive, others more aggressive. Some work
best alone, others crave companionship. We easily recognize that there is great variation
among the individuals who live near us. Yet, when we speak of people from elsewhere, we
seem to inevitably characterize them based on their country of origin.
Statistics specialists, when they speak of national averages, often make the same
mistake.
Newly published research shows how erroneous such overviews are. Three researchers
analyzed decades of values-based surveys and found that only between 16% and 21% of the
variation in cultural values could be explained by differences between countries. In other
words, the vast majority of what makes us culturally distinct from one another has nothing
to do with our homeland.
To determine what factors really are associated with culture, the authors combined
data from 558 prior surveys that each measured one or more of Hofstede's cultural
dimensions. These are traits, such as individualism and masculinity, that describe
work-related cultural values. (They are not a measure of visible cultural traits, such as food
or dress.) Though the validity of Hofstede's dimensions has been questioned, they have the
singular benefit of having been in use for decades, which allows fbr historical and
international comparisons.
The researchers found that both demographic factors, such as age, and environmental
factors, such as long-term unemployment rates, were more correlated with cultural values
than nationality. Occupation and social economic status were the most strongly correlated,
suggesting that our values are more economically driven than we usually give them credit for.
The evidence implies that people with similar jobs and incomes are more culturally aHke,
regardless of where they live. Vas Taras, the lead author of the study, puts it this way: "Tell
me how much you make and I will make a pretty accurate prediction about your cultural
values. Tell me what your nationality is and I probably will make a wrong prediction.^^
Taras says our erroneous belief that countries are cultures has caused businesses to
teach their employees useless or even harmful ways of interacting with their international
2021年12月英语六级真题第3 套第5 页共6 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 54 -----
peers. Chinese and American lawyers might be trained to interact based on the assumption
that the Chinese person is less individualistic, even though their similar social economic
situations make it probable they are actually quite alike in that regard.
The country, as the unit of authority, is often a convenient way of generalizing about a
population.
However, our focus on countries can mask broad variations within them. In the
majority of cases we would be better off identifying people by the factors that constrain
their lives, like income, rather than by the lines surrounding them on a map.
51. What error do experts often make when describing people from other places?
A) They tend to overly rely on nationality.
B) They often exaggerate their differences.
C) They often misunderstand their cultures.
D) They tend to dwell on national averages.
52. What do we learn about Hofstede's cultural dimensions?
A) They are useful in comparing cultural values across time and space.
B) They have brought unusual benefits to people of different cultures.
C) They are widely used to identify people's individual traits.
D) They provide valuable questions fbr researchers to study.
53. What did researchers find about previous studies on factors determining people's values?
A) Environmental factors were prioritized over other factors.
B) An individual's financial status was often underestimated.
C) Too much emphasis had been placed on one's occupation.
D) The impact of social progress on one's values was ignored.
54. What is the impact on employees when cultures are identified with countries?
A) They may foil to see the cultural biases of their business partners.
B) They may fail to attach sufficient importance to cultural diversity.
C) They may not be taught how to properly interact with overseas partners.
D) They may not be able to learn the legal procedures for business transactions.
55. What does the author suggest at the end of the passage?
A) There is sufficient reason to generalize about a country's population.
B) The majority of people are still constrained by their national identity.
C) It is arguable that the country should be regarded as the unit of authority.
D) Nationality is less useful than socio-economic status as an indicator of one's values.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
井冈山地处湖南、江西两省交界处，因其辉煌的革命历史被誉为“中国革命红色摇篮
1927年10月，毛泽东、朱德等老一辈革命家率领中国工农红军来到这里，开展了艰苦卓绝
的斗争，创建了第一个农村革命根据地，点燃了中国革命的星星之火，开辟了 “农村包围
(besiege)城市，武装夺取政权”这一具有中国特色的革命道路，中国革命从这里迈向胜利。
井冈山现有100多处革命旧址，成为一个“没有围墙的革命历史博物馆”，是爱国主义和革命
传统教育的重要基地。
2021年12月英语六级真题第3 套第6 页共6 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 55 -----
Part I
2022年06月大学英语六级考试真题（第1 套）
Writing
扫码获音频
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Nowadays more and more people choose to live an environmentally friendly
lifestyle.w You can make comments, cite examples, or use your personal experiences to develop
your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II
Section A
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He is a staff writer.
B) He is an adventurer.
C) He is an author of fiction.
D) He is a father of four kids.
2. A) They are interested in fairy tales.
B) They are curious and autonomous.
3. A) He offers them ample editorial guidance.
B) He recommends model essays to them.
4. A) Her tastes in books changed.
B) She realized the power of reading.
C) Her reading opened her eyes to the world.
D) She began to perceive the world differently.
C) They are a headache to their parents.
D) They are ignorant of politics.
C) He gives them encouragement.
D) He teaches them proofreading.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) She is a website designer.
B) She is a university graduate.
6. A) They were repeatedly rejected by shops.
B) They were popular with her classmates.
7. A) She had a strong interest in doing it.
B) She did not like ready-made clothes.
C) She could not find clothes of her size.
D) She found clothes in shops unaffordable.
8. A) Study fashion design at college.
B) Improve her marketing strategy.
C) She is a main street store owner.
D) She is a successful entrepreneur.
C) They showed her natural talent.
D) They were mostly failures.
C) Add designs fbr women.
D) Expand her business.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 56 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After
you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Utilizing artificial intelligence to find a powerful new antibiotic.
B) Discovering bacteria which are resistant to all known antibiotics.
C) Identifying bacterial strains that are most harmful to human health.
D) Removing a deadly strain of bacteria in humans with a new antibiotic.
10. A) Ever-increasing strains of bacteria.
B) Bacteria's resistance to antibiotics.
C) The similarity between known drugs.
D) The growing threat of bacteria to health.
11. A) Dispense with experimental testing.
B) Predict whether compounds are toxic.
C) Foresee human reaction to antibiotics.
D) Combat bacteria's resistance to antibiotics.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) By theorization.
B) By generalization.
13. A) They are easy to detect.
B) They are well intended.
14. A) Mostly by chance.
B) Basically objective.
C) By observation.
D) By conversation.
C) They are groundless.
D) They are harmless.
C) Subject to their mental alertness.
D) Dependent on their analytical ability.
15. A) Looking the speaker in the eye.
B) Listening carefully to the speaker.
C) Measuring the speaker's breathing rate.
D) Focusing on the speaker's facial expressions.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They don't treat patients with due respect.
B) They witness a lot of doctor-patient conflicts.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第2 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 57 -----
C) They have to deal with social workers' strikes.
D) They don't care how much patients have to pay.
17. A) Appear submissive and grateful to doctors and nurses.
B) Express a strong desire to be consulted or informed.
C) Refrain from saying anything that sounds negative.
D) Note down the names of all the doctors and nurses.
18. A) Cooperative. 
C) Passive.
B) Appreciative. 
D) Responsive.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Its members work together despite risks of failure.
B) It prioritizes recruiting young energetic members.
C) Its members stay in touch even after it breaks up.
D) It grows more and more mature professionally.
20. A) Their differences are likely to impact productivity.
B) Their similarity is conducive to future collaboration.
C) Their connections strengthen with the passage of time.
D) Their mutual understanding stems from a common goal.
21. A) It is characterized by diversity.
B) Its goals are quite inconsistent.
C) Its members have similar backgrounds.
D) It is connected by a unique mechanism.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Putting aside twenty percent of one's earnings.
B) Spending in anticipation of becoming wealthy.
C) Living off a small proportion of one's income.
D) Saving as much as one can possibly manage.
23. A) It empowers them to cope with irrational emotions.
B) It will guarantee the profits from their investments.
C) It will turn them into successful financial planners.
D) It enables them to focus on long-term investments.
24. A) They count on others to take the responsibility.
B) They change their investment strategy in time.
C) They think they themselves are to blame.
D) They persist rather than get discouraged.
25. A) They do not resist novel lifestyles.
B) They do not try to keep up with others.
C) They do not care what they have acquired.
D) They do not pressure themselves to get rich.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第3 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 58 -----
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The city of Bath was founded by the Romans almost two thousand years ago. It has
been famous for its 
26 
pleasing architecture and healing thermal springs ever since.
There are three hot springs in Bath; one is the King's Spring, upon which the Roman
Baths and a temple were 
27 
. The other two are the Cross Spring and the Hetling
Spring, close to each other in Hot Bath Street. Although Bath is 
28 
known as a
Roman and Georgian city, many people came in the intervening centuries to make use of
the 
29 
waters.
While the Georgians made 'taking the waters5 or bathing particularly fashionable, it
was 
30 
generations who paved the way, creating greater interest in Bath and its
springs. Charles II , desperate fbr an heir and unable to produce a 
31 
son, came to
Bath to take the waters in the hope that their magical powers would do something to
32 
the situation. Craving for a male heir, James and Mary both came to Bath and soon
after produced a son, which bred many conspiracy theories about who was the real father of
their 
33 
. Regardless, the 'miracle' created something of a boom in tourism for Bath
and once Queen Anne had paid a visit in 1702, sealing it as the place to be, the whole
nation 
34 
to the city.
Afterwards, the spas (矿泉疗养浴场)in Bath continued to go in and out of fashion for
more than 150 years until they closed completely. The new Bath Spa, which opened in 2006,
35 
modem architecture with the ancient spring, now the New Royal Bath.
A) aesthetically
I) offspring
B) constructed
J) previous
C) designates
K) principally
D) extract
L) remedy
E) flocked
M) rhetorically
F) incorporates
N) sneaked
G) legitimate
O) versatile
H) natural
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第4 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 59 -----
The Doctor Will Skype You Now
A） Fazila is a young woman that has been dealing with eczema （湿疹），a common skin
condition, fbr the past five years, but never got it treated. The nearest hospital is an hour
away, by boat and bus, and her skin condition didn't seem serious enough to make the
trek, so she ignored it_until a new technology brought the doctor to her. Fazila lives on
one of the remote river islands in northern Bangladesh. These islands are low-lying,
temporary sand islands that are continuously formed and destroyed through sand
buildup and erosion. They are home to over six million people, who face repeated
displacement from flooding and erosion- which may be getting worse because of
climate change- and a range of health risks, including poor nutrition, malaria （疟疾）
and other water-borne diseases.
B） The most dangerous thing fbr these remote island dwellers is land erosion. The second
is lack of access to medical supplies and doctors. There are no doctors within miles, and
while child mortality and maternal death have gone down in the rest of the country, this
is not the case for the islands. The medical situation is so bad that it really takes away
from the quality of their life. Yet fbr many island inhabitants- some of Bangladesh's
poorest~~paying fbr health care is a costly ordeal. Victims of erosion lose their houses,
agricultural land and jobs as farmers, fishermen and day laborers. Though government
hospitals are free, many people hesitate to go, citing long commutes, endless lines and
questionable diagnoses. For convenience's sake, one-third of rural households visit
unqualified village doctors, who rely on unscientific methods of treatment, according to
a 2016 study in the peer-reviewed journal Global Health Action.
C） On the islands, there's even a colloquial （口 头的）expression for the idea of making
medical care your lowest priority: Ifs known as “rog pushai rakha“ in Bengali, which
roughly translates to ''stockpiling their diseases^^一waiting to seek medical attention
until a condition becomes extremely serious. Now, a new virtual medical service called
Teledaktar （TD） is trying to make health care more easily accessible. Every week, TD's
medical operators travel to the islands by boat, carrying a laptop, a portable printer for
prescriptions and tools to run basic medical screenings such as blood pressure, blood
sugar, body temperature and weight. They choose an area of the island with the best
Internet reception and set up a makeshift （临时凑合的）medical center which consists
of plastic stools and small tables borrowed from the locals5 homes, a tent in case of rain
and a sheet that is strung up to give the patients privacy during their session.
D） Launched in October 2018, TD has eight centers in towns and villages across rural
Bangladesh and on three islands. It is funded by a nonprofit organization founded by
Bangladeshi entrepreneurs, finance and technology professionals. Inside the center, the
laptop screen lights up to reveal Dr. Tina Mustahid, TD's head physician, live-streamed
（网 络直寸番）from the capital city of Dhaka fbr free remote medical consultations.
Affectionately called Doctor Apa— “older sister“ in Bengali- by her patients, she is
one of three volunteer doctors at TD.
E） “I diagnose them through conversation,says Dr. Mustahid. "Sometimes ifs really
obvious things that local doctors don't have the patience to talk through with their
patients. For example, a common complaint mothers come in with is that their children
refuse to eat their meals. The mothers are concerned they are dealing with indigestion,
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第5 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 60 -----
but ifs because they are feeding the children packaged chips which are cheap and
convenient. I tell them it is ruining their appetite and ask them to cut back on unhealthy
snacks.55 Dr. Mustahid says building awareness about health and nutrition is important
for island patients who are cut off from mainland resources.
F) Even off the islands, Bangladesh faces a critical deficit of health services. The country
has half the doctors-per-person ratio recommended by the World Health Organization:
roughly one doctor per 2,000 people, instead of one doctor per 1,000 people. And of
those physicians, many are concentrated in cities: 70% of the country's population live
in rural areas, yet less than 20% of health workers practice there. Over 70% of TD's
3,000 patients are female, in part because many are not comfortable speaking with local
doctors who tend to be male. The rural women are mostly not literate or confident
enough to travel on their own to the nearest town to visit medical facilities. Many have
spent their entire lives rebuilding their homes when the islands flood. Early marriage
and young motherhood, which are prevalent in these parts of Bangladesh, also
contribute to the early onset of health problems.
G) For most TD patients on the islands, Dr. Mustahid is the first big-city doctor that
they've ever consulted. TD doctors are not meant to treat serious illnesses or conditions
that require a doctor to be physically present, such as pregnancy. But they can write
prescriptions, diagnose common ailments- including digestive issues, joint pain, skin
diseases, fever and the common cold—and refer patients to doctors at local hospitals.
The visit is also an opportunity for the patients, especially women, to air their concerns
about aging, motherhood and reproductive health according to Dr. Mustahid. The
doctors also offer health, dietary and lifestyle advice where necessary, including insight
on everything from recognizing postnatal (产 后的) depression to daily exercise. Dr.
Mustahid regularly recommends her patients to take a daily thirty-minute morning walk
before the sun gets too intense.
H) After a few sessions about general health issues Fazila finally opened up about
something else that was bothering her: her persistent skin condition. It can get
expensive to travel to the doctor, so usually the women living on the islands describe
their illness to their husbands. The husbands then go to the pharmacy, try to describe the
issue and return home with some random medicines. Nothing worked for Fazila until
she started seeing Dr. Apa.
I) Other nonprofits are also starting to provide health services on the islands. A local
non-governmental organization called Friendship operates floating boat hospitals that
provide health services to islands all over Bangladesh, docking at each fbr two months
at a time. Friendship also runs satellite clinics in which one doctor and one clinic aide
who are residents of the community disperse health and hygiene information.
J) TD still has a few major challenges. Many residents complain the medicines they are
prescribed are sometimes unaffordable, but the government isn't doing enough for them.
Patients often ask why the medicine isn't free along with the consultation from the
doctors. The organizations are linked to local pharmacies and offer discounts to the
patients and make sure to prescribe the most cost-effective brands, but still many
residents can't afford even that.
K) Nevertheless, TD's remote consultations seem to be popular: Of 3,000 patients, at least
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第6 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 61 -----
200 have returned for follow-ups, according to TD. The reason, explains one resident,
might be the simple gesture of treating the island inhabitants with respect. "Dr. Apa is
patient,he says, “At government hospitals, the doctors treat us very badly, but here
they listen to us, I can repeat myself many times and no one gets annoyed.5,
36. Some children on the remote islands won't eat their meals because they are fed cheap
junk food.
37. Unlike other parts of Bangladesh, the number of women who die from giving birth
remains high on the river islands.
38. One big problem many islanders have is that they can't afford the prescribed medicines,
even with discounts offered.
39. TD is a virtual medical service financially supported by one of the nation's nonprofit
organizations.
40. TD doctors are welcome to the islanders because they treat the sick with respect and
patience.
41. Women islanders tend to have health problems early partly because they get married
and give birth early.
42. TD doctors make weekly visits to the remote islands to provide services at a temporary
medical center.
43. TD doctors provide the islanders with online diagnoses and treatments for common
diseases.
44. The residents of the river islands have to keep moving their homes because of floods
and land erosions.
45. Women islanders usually rely on their husbands to get some medicines for them without
diagnoses and prescriptions.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Selective colleges and universities in the U.S. are under fire for being too elite and too
expensive, and for not training graduates for the world of work. Such charges ignore the
fact that these institutions continue to prepare students for success in their work, for
thoughtful engagement in civic life, for lifelong learning, and for understanding the world
and those with whom they live.
These colleges and universities must be doing something right. Applications are at
record highs, and their financial aid programs make them more accessible than ever. This
model of education has long played a central role in creating opportunity, driving economic
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第7 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 62 -----
growth, and spurring innovation.
Yet, there is growing skepticism about the value of this model. The recent tax reform
bill is a wake-up call that our strongest colleges and universities are under assault by some
in government. The initial proposals would have made education unaffordable for many by
taxing tuition waivers for graduate students and ending deductions for student loan interest.
Thankfully, these provisions were ultimately stripped from the bill, but lawmakers let stand
a new tax on the investment income of some colleges and universities.
While these attacks are motivated by misguided ideas, we need to do a better job of
explaining why these claims are false and why what we do is valuable. We cannot take for
granted that any of this is obvious.
It is often said that elite colleges and universities do not train students, particularly
those who study the liberal arts, for the workforce. But this can be refuted by scholarly
research. The data are clear: a liberal arts education is great career preparation, both for
excellent lifetime earnings and for satisfaction with the work. This education develops the
skills of critical thinking, rigorous analysis of data and facts, communication with the
written and spoken word, understanding of cultural differences and issues, and the ability to
keep learning. In fact, liberal arts graduates do extremely well in every imaginable field.
Access to an education at selective colleges and universities is now more available
than ever to low-and middle-income families. We have built endowments from donations
by alumni (^ X ) and parents who understand and appreciate our mission to provide access
and opportunity, and a significant portion of the returns from these endowments is used to
fund financial aid.
Ironically, the new tax on endowments drains financial aid funds from the very schools
most able to offer opportunity to those who have earned a spot but cannot otherwise afford
this education. Beyond the virtue of access to those who have earned a place at these
schools, the diversity of economic backgrounds enhances the education and experience of
all of our students.
46. What fact does the author emphasize concerning selective colleges and universities?
A) They have been ignoring the training of graduates for the world of work.
B) They have been doing well in ensuring their students a successful future.
C) They have been constantly attacked for being too elite and too expensive.
D) They have been actively engaged in civic life beyond the school campus.
47. What does the author say in arguing for the model of education in the U.S.?
A) It has contributed substantially to the nation's overall development.
B) It has succeeded in maintaining sustainable financial aid programs.
C) It has given priority to innovative programs for graduate studies.
D) It has played a central role in attracting international applicants.
48. What do we learn about the initial proposals concerning the recent tax reform bill?
A) They would have stripped many students of lifb's chances.
B) They would have deducted graduate student loan interest.
C) They would have added to many students' financial burden.
D) They would have increased the number of tuition waivers.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第8 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 63 -----
49. What do the data show about elite colleges and universities?
A) Their graduates lack the rigor required for doing statistical analysis.
B) Their students prove to be inadequately prepared for their future careers.
C) Their fbcus on research is conducive to developing students' critical thinking.
D) Their liberal arts education enables graduates to excel in whatever field they are in.
50. What is an advantage of providing financial aid for students?
A) Every student can choose the institution they wish to attend.
B) All students can benefit from a diversified student population.
C) All students will be able to earn a place on university campus.
D) Less privileged students will be more competitive at elite schools.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
When a group of Australians was asked why they believed climate change was not
happening, about 36% said it was “common sense”, according to a report published last
year by the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization. This was the
most popular reason fbr their opinion, with only 11% saying their belief that climate change
was not happening was based on scientific research.
But what do we mean by an appeal to common sense? Presumably ifs an appeal to
rationality of some sort that forms the basis of more complex reasoning. The appeal to
common sense, however, is usually nothing more than an appeal to thinking that just feels
right, but what feels right to one person may not feel right to another. Whether it feels right
is usually a reflection of the world view and ideologies we have internalised, and that
frames how we interact with new ideas. When new ideas are in accord with what we
already believe, they are more readily accepted. When they are not, they, and the arguments
that lead to them, are more readily rejected.
We often mistake this automatic compatibility testing of new ideas with existing beliefs
as an application of common sense, but, in reality, it is more about judging than thinking.
As Nobelist Daniel Kahneman notes in Thinking, Fast and Slow, when we arrive at
conclusions in this way, the outcomes also feel true, regardless of whether they are. We are
not psychologically well equipped to judge our own thinking.
We are also highly susceptible to a range of cognitive biases such as giving preference
to the first things that come to mind when making decisions or giving weight to evidence.
One way we can check our internal biases and inconsistencies is through the social
verification of knowledge, in which we test our ideas in a rigorous and systematic way to
see if they make sense not just to us, but to other people. The outstanding example of this
socially shared cognition is science.
That does not mean that individuals are not capable of excellent thinking, nor does it
mean no individual is rational. But the extent to which individuals can do this on their own
is a function of how well integrated they are with communities of systematic inquiry in the
first place. You can't learn to think well by yourself.
In matters of science at least, those who value their common sense over methodological,
collaborative investigation imagine themselves to be more free in their thinking, unbound
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第9 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 64 -----
by involvement with the group, but in reality they are tightly bound by their capabilities and
perspectives. We are smarter together than we are individually, and perhaps thafs just
common sense.
51. What does the author intend to show by citing the findings from the report published
last year?
A) People seldom appeal to rationality in their thinking.
B) It is often the case that truth lies in the hands of a few.
C) Common sense and science are the two sides of a coin.
D) Few people know if climate change is really happening.
52. What is the appeal to common sense according to the author?
A) It is the basis for the internalisation of individuals? ideologies.
B) It is a series of conceptions formulated from complex reasoning.
C) It is collective wisdom that helps people interact with new ideas.
D) It is something subjective based on what one perceives to be right.
53. What does Daniel Kahneman think is the problem of testing new ideas with existing beliefs?
A) It may lead to incorrect judgment.
B) It makes no use of common sense.
C) It fails to correct mistakes through serious reasoning.
D) It can produce psychologically unacceptable outcomes.
54. What can we do to be less susceptible to cognitive biases?
A) Give equal weight to evidence of both sides in a conflict.
B) Provide convincing examples in developing an argument.
C) Establish socially shared cognition via scientific methods.
D) Avoid inconsistencies when addressing controversial issues.
55. What message does the author try to convey at the end of the passage?
A) Multiple perspectives stimulate people's interest in exploring the unknown.
B) Individuals can enhance their overall capabilities by interacting with others.
C) Individuals should think freely to break from the restrictions of common sense.
D) Collaborative efforts can overcome individuals limitations in scientific inquiry.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
卢沟桥位于天安门广场西南1 5 公里处，横跨永定河，是北京现存最古老的多拱石桥。卢
沟桥最初建成于1192年，1698年重建，由2 8 1 根柱子支撑。每根柱子上都有一头石狮。这
些石狮的头、背、腹部或爪子上都藏着更多的狮子。这些石狮生动逼真、千姿百态，是卢沟
桥石刻艺术的精品。桥上的石狮不计其数，因而北京地区流传着“卢沟桥上的石狮子—
数不
清”的说法。
卢沟桥不仅以其美学特征闻名于世，还被公认为石桥建筑史上的一座丰碑。
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 0 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 65 -----
2022年06月大学英语六级考试真题(第2 套)
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Nowadays more and more people keep learning new skills to adapt to a
fast-changing world." You can make comments, cite examples, or use your personal experiences
to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2 022年6 月英语六级考试实考1 套听力，本套听力内容与第
1 套完全一致,只是选项顺序不同，故而未重复给出。
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions; In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank 
is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Thinking kind thoughts about yourself and your loved ones can prove beneficial for
your overall wellbeing, empirical evidence has shown. Researchers carried out an
investigation to explore the 
26 
between having kind thoughts and a person's
psychological state.
For the study, five groups of participants were presented with a different set of audio
instructions, some of which encouraged the participants to think 
27 
about themselves
and others which persuaded them to think in a self-critical manner. After listening to the
audio instructions, the participants were asked to answer a series of questions. These
included whether they felt agitated, how likely they were to show kindness to themselves
and how 
28 
they felt to other individuals.
The participants who were instructed to think kindly about themselves were more
likely to exhibit a bodily response associated with being relaxed and feeling safe. Their
heart rates also dropped, which is a healthy sign of a heart that can respond flexibly to
situations. Yet, 
29 
those who listened to the critical audio clips were noted as having
a higher heart rate and sweat response afterwards, both of which 
30 
feelings of threat
and distress.
Having the ability to switch off the body's natural threat response can 
31 
a
person's immune system. This, in turn, gives them a greater likelihood of recovering
quickly from illness. These findings help us to further understand some of our clinical trials
research findings, where we show that individuals with 
32 
depression benefit
particularly from self-awareness-based 
33 
therapy. They essentially learn to become
more sympathetic to themselves.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第1 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 66 -----
The sense is that for people 
34 
to depression, meeting their negative thoughts
and feelings with 
35 
is a radically different way; that these thoughts are not facts. It
introduces a different way of being and knowing that is quite transformative for many
people.
A) adversely
I) indignantly
B) amiably
J) insulation
C) boost
K) lavish
D) cognitive
L) prone
E) compassion
M) recurrent
F) connected
N) signify
G) correlation
O) surpass
H) fascinated
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
Saving Our Planet
A) In the long view, the human relationship with forests has been one of brutal destruction,
but even it carries elements of slow hope. In the Middle Ages, there was no shortage of
timber in most parts of the world, and few saw cutting down forests as a problem. Yet in
1548 the people of Venice estimated that an important timber supply would last only 30
years at their current rate of usage- but different forest management would make it
possible to meet the demand for many centuries to come. The idea of preserving
resources came out of a concern for the future: a fear of using up resources faster than
they could be replenished (补 充).
B) Economic interests were at the core of this understanding of trees and forests. It would
take more than three centuries before scientists began to understand that timber
production is not the only, and possibly not the most important, function of forests. The
late 19th and early 20th century saw an increasing recognition that forests serve as
habitats for countless animal and plant species that all rely on each other. They take over
protective functions against soil erosion and landslides (塌 方)；they make a significant
contribution to the water balance as they prevent surface runoff; they filter dirt particles,
greenhouse gases and radioactive substances from the air; they produce oxygen; they
provide spaces for recreation and they preserve historic and prehistoric remains. As a
result, forests around the world have been set aside as parks or wilderness areas.
C) Recent years have seen a big change in our view of forests. Peter Wohlleben's book The
Hidden Life o f Trees (2015), an international bestseller, suggests that trees can warn each
other of danger through a “wood wide web” of roots and fungi (真菌).They support each
other through sharing of nutrients and infbnnation, and they even keep ancient stumps
alive by feeding them solutions of sugars. Such insights have made us aware of deep
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第2 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 67 -----
ecological relationships between humans and the more-than-human world.
D) Awareness of ecologies is a recent phenomenon. It was not until the 1940s that the
concept of the “environment“ embracing all living and nonliving things developed. In the
1970s, the term “environment“ gained currency, becoming widely adopted in the English
and Romance languages, and as ^UmwelC ("surrounding world^^) in German. The
emergence of the idea led to the rise of environmental agencies, regulations and
environmental studies, and to environmental science as new, integrated academic
disciplines. It was in 1956 that the very first bachelor of science in environmental studies
was awarded, at the State University of New York College of Forestry at Syracuse. Since
the 1970s—with the rise of “environmentalism”-
environmental studies programmes
have sprung up at hundreds of universities. There is (slow) hope in the fact that scholars
from many different disciplines have adopted the term “environment“ over the past
decades. They are exploring intricate connections within and between complex ecologies,
as well as the impact that human environment-making (through techno-industrial,
economic and other manipulative developments) has had on the biosphere.
E) The rise of the idea of the environment and a scholarly understanding of ecological
processes has influenced new technologies and also politics. We have come to ask
questions about vulnerability and risk, world ecologies, and the relationship between
nature and power. The search for an adequate response to climate change occupies
centre stage in international diplomacy.
F) Social and environmental activists, scientists and indigenous groups have called the
Paris Agreement of the United Nations Climate Change Conference in December 2015
insufficient, weak, or compromised. To some extent, they are right: climate change has
already destroyed tens of thousands of livelihoods, and the situation will worsen in the
near future fbr millions of mostly poorer people, who will join the ranks of those who
have already been displaced by climate change and extreme weather events. But the
Paris Conference nevertheless marked a historic step toward the recognition of the need
fbr action on climate change, the cutting of carbon emissions, and world cooperation.
There were 195 nations that came to the table in Paris and agreed to limits on emissions.
Historically, nothing comparable had happened prior to this. Before the 20th century, a
handful of scientists had been interested in the theoretical relationship between
greenhouse gases and climate change, but only the empirical evidence accumulated
since the late 20th century established a clear connection between the burning of fossil
fuels and a vastly accelerated rise in global temperatures.
G) The current crisis is not the first that humans have encountered, and a look at the
struggles with pollution in recent history reveals transformations that once seemed
unimaginable. The “London fbg“ that came to define the capital through British novels
and thrillers is in reality smog or smoke, a legacy of industrialisation. After a century of
ignorance, London was hit by the Great Smog of December 1952—the worst
air-pollution event in the history of the United Kingdom which caused the deaths of
approximately 12,000 people. Shortly thereafter, public initiatives and political
campaigns led to strict regulations and new laws, including the Clean Air Act (1956).
Today, London has effectively reduced traffic emissions through the introduction of a
Congestion Charge Zone in 2003, and an Ultra Low Emission Zone in 2019.
H) Scientific evidence that we are living in an era of climate change, resource exhaustion
and potential ecological disaster is overwhelming. How do we motivate a public
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第3 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 68 -----
exhausted by never-ending scenarios of doom and disaster, when the challenges seem so
huge and so impossible to solve? Statistics about extinction and the gloom of decline
will not in themselves get us out of our often self^created ecological traps: instead, they
are more likely to result in paralysis and inaction.
I) We need stories and histories of change and transformation: ecological stories that make
us confront the fact that human power is potentially destructive, and that the survival of
our species on this planet depends on the preservation of soil and water, and the habitats
and ecological systems.
J) It is time that we showed successes and accelerations in ecological awareness, action
and restoration: stories that include past successes and future visions about the rise of
urban gardening and of renaturalised riverscapes, of successful protests against polluted
air and water, of the rise of regional markets and slow food, and the planting of trees
around the globe, of initiatives and enterprises that work towards ecological restoration.
The reality of ecological curses seems far greater than the power of the hopes left at the
bottom of Pandora's box. But if we believe that nothing can be changed, then we are
giving up our opportunity to act.
K) Today's saving powers will not come from a deus ex machina (解 围之不申).In an
ever-more complex and synthetic world, our saving powers won't come from a single
source, and certainly not from a too-big-to-fail approach or from those who have been
drawn into the whirlpool of our age of speed. Hope can work as a wakeup call. It
acknowledges setbacks. The concept of slow hope suggests that we can't expect things
to change overnight. If the ever-faster exhaustion of natural resources (in ecological
terms) and the "shrinking of the present” (in social terms) are urgent problems of
humans, then cutting down on exhaustive practices and working towards a “stretching
of the present“ will be ways to move forward.
36. Climate change has wrought havoc on the lives of tens of thousands of people.
37. It took scientists a long time to realise that the function of forests goes far beyond
providing humans with timber.
38. There is abundant evidence that we are now facing a possible ecological disaster.
39. Environmental science became academic disciplines only some sixty years ago.
40. Things cannot change overnight, but reducing the consumption of natural resources will
help solve the ecological crisis.
41. Human perception of forests has undergone a tremendous change in the past years.
42. Recent history shows reduction of pollution, once seemingly impossible, can actually
be accomplished.
43. People began to consider preserving natural resources when they feared they would
have nothing to use in the future.
44. If we doubt our ability to reverse ecological deterioration, we are throwing away the
chance to take action.
45. How to respond effectively to climate change has become the focus of international
diplomacy.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第4 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 69 -----
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Since American idol star Taryn Southern started composing music with AI in 2017,
musicians all over the world have begun wondering about the implications of AI and
modem technology where music production is concerned. Using AI in the creation of music
is perceived by some as a helpful tool and by others as almost “the beginning of the end”.
In Taryn5s case, AI software enabled her to communicate melodies and chords that she
didn't know how to put together herself. The end product was therefore a collaborative
effort, rather than a piece entirely produced by technology. Taryn5s story has a distinctly
positive feel that highlights the advantages of using AI in music production. It can serve as
a source of inspiration, and as an ideal jumping-off point should a musician be hit with
writer's block (文思枯竭).
Contrary to seeing AI as a tool, some musicians consider it to be hugely detrimental to
the music scene. At the moment, because such technology is still so young, the music ifs
producing is not necessarily what we want to hear. In short, it's not of great quality. Those
who have produced their own music, or even fans of authentic, artistic music, will also
argue that a computer could never emulate the work (and human touch) of a true musician.
Music has been an integral part of the story of humans for ages; in fact, the first known
piece of music is believed to be around 3,400 years old. Songs have long been used as a
means of communicating messages and folk stories, covering everything from societal
ethics to world history. Since many people see music as such an inherently human
expression, it is often considered as too precious to impart to technology. The thought of a
computer generating a “random“ piece of music that hasn't been painstakingly created by
an artist is almost seen as sacrilegious (亵渎神圣的).
Regardless of which side of the argument you fall on, it seems likely that the use of AI
in music production will only become more frequent. Our modem world is preoccupied
with technological advancements. Instead of shying away from the idea of this bleak future,
the best approach to take is one of optimism and curiosity. While there are always bound to
be stubborn old-school musicians who refuse to use tech, music producers should consider
AI as something to be embraced. AI music software is still very much in its infancy, but
with more investors interested in the development and outcomes of such technology, and
considering the rapid growth rate of other tech advances in recent years, it's only a matter
of time before Ai-produced music is seen as the new norm.
46. How do some musicians perceive using AI in creating music?
A) It would help to produce more music idols.
B) It would be detrimental to music production.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第5 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 70 -----
C) It would hinder the understanding of authentic music.
D) It would be the beginning of a new era in music creation.
47. 
What does Taryn Southern's story illustrate?
A) AI technology is conducive to music composition.
B) Musicians will be unable to create music without high tech.
C) Musicians are often at their wits, end in their creative effort.
D) AI technology is indispensable to creating melodies and chords.
48. 
Why are some musicians opposed to the use of AI in creating music?
A) Music produced with AI technology lacks humanness.
B) Music created with AI technology is easily emulated.
C) It will depreciate humans' role in music composition.
D) It will deplete young musicians5 creative inspiration.
49. 
Why do many people think music is too precious to impart to AI technology?
A) It cannot be created without pains.
B) It cannot be produced at random.
C) It is part of human life.
D) It is human specific.
50. 
What does the author think of the future of AI music?
A) It will continue to arouse the interest of music investors.
B) It has the prospect of becoming the norm in the future.
C) It will be gradually accepted by old-school musicians.
D) It may eventually lose its freshness and appeal.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
A few weeks ago, a well-meaning professor tried to explain the physiological process
behind viruses and the human body in a tweet and was immediately criticized for a mistake
in his information. He then issued an apology and deleted his erroneous tweet.
Communicating science beyond the academic bubble is necessary to augmenting
public understanding of health and environmental issues and helping individuals make
well-informed personal decisions.
However, scientists who engage in science communication must acknowledge that
even in their area, their expertise is deep but narrow. They need to recognize the constraints
in their own knowledge. That is not to suggest that they only write or present on their own
research, but rather, that they consult with an expert if the topic is outside of their discipline.
Fact-checking with a scientist who works in the specialty will prevent the unintentional
spread of misinfbmiation, and the process of doing so may yield tiny pieces of interesting
new information that can be incorporated.
Some have argued that the public is not educated enough to understand scientific
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第6 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 71 -----
information, especially fbr any complex phenomena, but this is absurd. Science instruction
can be found at all levels of public education with most secondary schools offering classes
on biology, physics, and chemistry. If anything, social media has shown that the public
craves knowledge based on a solid scientific foundation. Even the public discourse that
follows most scientific articles shows that online readers can understand even the most
baffling of scientific principles.
It is equally imperative to emphasize that being an expert on a topic does not
automatically make a scholar qualified to communicate it to a nonscientific audience. A
number of scientists recently have been offering public-aimed explanations of scientific
phenomena. Even though they have appropriate credentials, they often do very little in the
way of explaining. One biologist shared an intricate analogy involving a library, books,
paper, a recipe, ingredients, and a cake to explain the process behind vaccines. Any
explanation that requires a written key to keep track of what each item represents is not a
clear example fbr public consumption.
Science communication is a science in and of itself. It requires rigorous training and
instruction. A scientist should take communication courses that can teach a person how to
identify and eliminate jargon and how to develop effective analogies to explain complex
concepts. One cannot assume communication expertise-imagine if someone just decided that
they were a physicist and started trying to contribute to the field without the necessary
background. Doing a poor job communicating science to the public will only create confusion
and widen the gap between science and society, a gap that scientists are trying to close.
51. What does the author say about communicating science to the general public?
A) It will help them to keep abreast of the latest scientific developments.
B) It is a necessary means to improve their understanding of scientific issues.
C) It will get them more involved in academic debates on environmental problems.
D) It is an effective way to augment scientists5 influence beyond the academic circle.
52. What does the author advise scientists do to deal with topics outside of their specialty?
A) Write or present on them from new angles.
B) Utilize information from diverse sources.
C) Turn to a specialist fbr professional help.
D) Fact-check with colleagues in their field.
53. What does the author say we can learn from social media?
A) A solid academic foundation is essential to understanding baffling scientific principles.
B) Modem technology has facilitated communication between scientists and the public.
C) Scientific articles have gained increasing popularity among the general public.
D) The public's understanding of science is much better than some have claimed.
54. What does the example of the biologist who shared an intricate analogy show?
A) It is helpful to use illustrations in explaining scientific phenomena.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第7 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 72 -----
B) It is imperative to have appropriate titles to explain scientific issues.
C) A learned scholar is not necessarily a qualified science communicator.
D) A nonscientific audience cannot duly understand principles of science.
55. What does the author suggest scientists do to close the gap between science and society?
A) Explain complex concepts scientifically.
B) Make appropriate use of scientific terms.
C) Take courses in public speaking.
D) Develop communication skills.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
南京长江大桥是长江上首座由中国设计、采用国产材料建造的铁路、公路两用桥，上层
的4 车道公路桥长4589米，下层的双轨道铁路桥长6772米。铁路桥连接原来的天津一浦口
和上海— 南京两条铁路线，使火车过江从过去一个半小时缩短为现在的2 分钟。大桥是南北
交通的重要枢纽，也是南京的著名景点之一。
南京长江大桥的建成标志着中国桥梁建设的一个飞跃，大大方便了长江两岸的物资交流
和人员来往，对促进经济发展和改善人民生活起到了巨大作用。
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第8 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 73 -----
2022年06月大学英语六级考试真题(第3 套)
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2022年英语六级考试第3 套试题，除翻译写作外，其余题目
与第2 套完全一致，故而未重复给出。
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Nowadays more and more people take delight in offering help to the needy.w You
can make comments, cite examples, or use your personal experiences to develop your essay.
You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
赵州桥建于隋朝，公元605年左右，长50.82米，宽9.6米，跨度37.37米。天才建筑
师李春设计并监督了桥的建设。赵州桥结构新颖、造型优美。桥有一个大拱，在大拱的两
端有两个小拱，帮助排泄洪水、减轻桥梁重量并节省石材。建成以来，该桥经受了多次洪
水和地震，但其主体结构仍然完好无损，至今仍在使用。
赵州桥是世界桥梁建筑史上的一次创举，是中国古代文明史上的一项杰出成就。类似
设计的桥梁直到14世纪才在欧洲出现，比赵州桥晚了 700多年。
2022年6 月英语六级真题第3 套 第1 页共1 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 74 -----
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：本页为插入页，方便大家装订!

----- PAGE 75 -----
回蟠回
2022年09月大学英语六级考试真题（第1 套）
扫码获音频
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2022年9 月英语六级考试实考1 套听力，1 套阅读理解，3
套写作与翻译。
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Nowadays more and more students are becoming increasingly aware o f the
importance o f developing digital skills.w You can make comments, cite examples or use your
personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) It enables people to earn more money. C) It helps people with budgeting.
B) It teaches the importance of financing. D) It introduces a novel way to invest.
2. A) Many Americans are not satisfied with their income.
B) Many Americans have no idea about how to invest.
C) Most Americans do not know how to save money.
D) Most Americans do not stick to a budget.
3. A) Keep track of his money. 
C) Find more sources of income.
B) Live within his means. 
D) Refrain from buying luxuries.
4. A) It offers a greater variety of items. 
C) It changes one's way of living.
B) It helps avoid unnecessary spending. 
D) It saves one's time for shopping.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It is brand-new. 
C) It belongs to her mother.
B) It has plenty of rooms. 
D) It has been vacant for months.
6. A) Space. 
C) Appliances.
B) Tranquillity. 
D) Location.
7. A) Talk to his wife about the contract terms. C) Check the references of the flat owner.
B) Pay the first month's rent and a deposit. 
D) Consult his solicitor one more time.
8. A) She can have a wonderful view of the pond.
B) She will be much closer to her work place.
C) She can make friends with new neighbours.
2022年9 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 76 -----
D) She will have plenty of space for her shoes.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B),
C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through
the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) The more commercials they see, the more brands they get to know.
B) The more commercials they see, the more they adore celebrities.
C) The more television they watch, the fewer conflicts in the family.
D) The more television they watch, the greater their parents' stress.
10. A) Inform children of the family's financial situation.
B) Shift children's attention to interesting activities.
C) Involve children in making purchasing decisions.
D) Help children understand advertising's intent.
11. A) Their limited cognitive ability.
B) Their strong natural curiosity.
C) Their admiration for celebrities.
D) Their lack of social experience.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Bad guys may do good deeds.
B) Bad guys may go unpunished.
13. A) By what we do.
B) By fair evaluation.
14. A) Learn from them earnestly.
B) Compete with them actively.
15. A) Being dismissed as hypocritical.
B) Not getting the reward they deserve.
C) Good guys may not always cooperate.
D) Good guys may get unfair treatment.
C) In comparison with others.
D) In accordance with set standards.
C) Leave them alone temporarily.
D) Cooperate with them sincerely.
C) Having to make too many sacrifices.
D) Being misunderstood by people around.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They are increasingly aware of gender differences.
B) They engage themselves in positive recollection.
C) They begin to see the importance of friendship.
D) They make friends with peers of the same sex.
17. A) Competing for position. 
C) Pursuing fashion.
B) Forging close ties with friends. 
D) Fulfilling family obligations.
2022年9 月英语六级真题第1 套第2 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 77 -----
18. A) They prioritize romance over friendship.
B) They try to strengthen same-sex friendships.
C) They begin to take friendship more seriously.
D) They compete intensely for romantic partners.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They regard it as a matter of sheer privacy.
B) They are worried about being turned down.
C) They fear that their condition will be made widely known.
D) They are afraid to be discriminated against once recruited.
20. A) After receiving a job offer. 
C) When confirming an interview.
B) During a job interview. 
D) Upon completing a cover letter.
21. A) Describe the true state of their health.
B) Provide all the information required.
C) Stress the irrelevance of their disability to the job.
D) Avoid mentioning the name of their disability.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Their scores were least affected by music with speech.
B) It was the poorest when there was background speech.
C) Their scores were most depressed with instrumental music.
D) It was disrupted by the sound of an air conditioner or fan.
23. A) It has to do with the type and volume of the background noise.
B) It has to do with short-term memory for listening comprehension.
C) It depends on the overlap in processing different kinds of information.
D) It depends on the participants? ability to concentrate on the task at hand.
24. A) Keep everything as quiet as possible.
B) Play nothing but instrumental music.
C) Use vocal material as little as possible.
D) Wear a pair of earphones or headphones.
25. A) Sociable people were immune to all distractions.
B) Shy quiet people were most adversely impacted.
C) Less outgoing people were more affected by silence.
D) Confident people were unaffected by high-arousal music.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
2022年9 月英语六级真题第1 套第3 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 78 -----
The now extinct passenger pigeon has the dubious honor of being the last species
anyone ever expected to disappear. At one point, there were more passenger pigeons than
any other species of bird. Rough 
26 
of their population went as high as five billion
and they accounted for around 40 percent of the total indigenous bird population of North
America in the early 19th century.
Despite their huge population, passenger pigeons were 
27 
to human intrusion
into their nesting territory. Their nests were shabby things and two weeks after the eggs
28 
the parent pigeons would abandon their offspring, leaving them to take care of
themselves. People discovered that these baby pigeons were really tasty, and the adult birds
were also quite 
29 
. First the Native Americans and then the transplanted Europeans
came to consider the birds a great 
30 
.
By the 1850s, commercial trapping of passenger pigeons was proceeding at an 
31
pace. Hundreds of thousands of the birds were being harvested every day to be made into
popular pigeon pies. In addition, large 
32 
of the pigeons' nesting territory were being
cleared away for planting crops and creating pasture land. As numerous as the passenger
pigeons were, they were not an 
33 
resource. By the 1880s, it was noticed that the bird
population had become seriously 
34 
. The last passenger pigeons killed in the wild
were shot in 1899.
Eventually those billions and billions of birds shrank to a single remaining 
35 
a
passenger pigeon named Martha, who died on September 1,1914, in captivity at the
Cincinnati Zoo. In addition to being the end of an era, it was also the first time humans
were able to exactly time the extinction of a species.
A) vulnerable
I) hatched
B) unprecedented
J) expired
C) tracts
K) excerpts
D) specimen
L) estimates
E) robust
M) edible
F) refuge
N) depleted
G) plazas
O) delicacy
H) infinite
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
2022年9 月英语六级真题第1 套第4 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 79 -----
Is computer coding a foreign language?
A) As computer coding has become an increasingly sought-after skill, more K-12 schools
are working it into their curriculums. Some states have considered allowing students to
forgo (放弃)foreign language for coding classes, despite opposition from educators.
B) There's a debate over whether ifs appropriate to teach coding in elementary schools,
with fierce opinions on each side. When it comes to allowing coding to fill foreign
language requirements, though, most educators agree: Coding should be added to
curriculums, but not at the expense of foreign language classes.
C) The idea is that computer programming is a language, allowing people to communicate
with machines and programs. It's the language of the 21st century and more valuable
than a natural language, some advocates argue. The computer science field is growing
faster than schools can keep up because of budget constraints and a lack of skills
training for teachers.
D) According to the 2016 U.S. News/Raytheon STEM Index, computer science jobs have
helped boost wages in the U.S., and computer-related jobs hold the top seven positions
in STEM fields for highest number of workers. Foreign language interest, on the other
hand, is declining for the first time since 1995. The number of higher education
language enrollments declined between 2009 and 2013 by more than 111,000 spots,
according to the Modem Language Association of America.
E) “I think the opportunity to give people a choice is im portant,says Florida state Senator
Jeremy Ring, who introduced a bill last year that would allow Florida students to
choose between foreign language and coding classes for the purpose of university
admissions requirements, 4tI think if you5re going to give two years of language in high
school, you might as well do computer coding.^^
F) The Florida bill died this year after passing 35:5 in the state Senate when the full
Legislature failed to take action. It would have been the first state to try this initiative.
Ring says that although he will be out of office, an identical bill will be reintroduced
within the next year by others on his behalf. 4tIn the speech I gave on the Senate floor, I
said, 4We can be the first state to do this, or we can be the 50th state to do it. Ifs our
choice. It's going to happen,'" Ring says.
G) A Kentucky bill similar to the one in Florida was met with complaints from educators,
and was then amended to promote computer science education initiatives with no
mention of foreign language requirements. Instead, the state will provide support for
higher quality certified teachers for programming classes. Under the Washington bill,
public universities would accept two years of computer science classes in place of two
years of foreign language for admission purposes. A report detailing the opinions of
state university officials is due to the Legislature by November 2017.
H) Texas passed a bill in 2013 that allows students to substitute computer coding only after
they have attempted and performed poorly in a foreign language class. Srini Mandyam,
CTO and co-fbunder of kid-friendly instructional coding company Tynker, believes
allowing students to forgo foreign language because they struggle with it is unproductive
because every subject, whether art, math or language, is a significant contribution to a
well-rounded existence. "Many students don't fare well with algebra but we never
discuss eliminating it or... say chemistry is now counted as an algebra class,“ he said via
2022年9 月英语六级真题第1 套第5 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 80 -----
email. "We teach algebra because ifs important and we should teach foreign language
and coding for the same reason. Exposure to a wide breadth of subjects and material
results in well-rounded students who are able to make informed decisions... about what
they want to pursue.”
I) Computer science courses already fulfill a math or science high school graduation
requirement in 28 states and the District of Columbia, up from only 12 states in 2013.
And while advocates of the bills say they should count as foreign language instead,
opponents stress the importance of balancing computer and foreign language skills.
J) Studies show that bilingualism (双语)correlates with cognitive development, intelligence,
memory and problem solving abilities, according to the American Council on the
Teaching of Foreign Languages. A 2007 study showed that foreign language students
outperformed their non-fbreign language peers on standardized tests after only two to
three years of study. And while a 2014 report from German and American universities
suggests that programmers are using language ( but not mathematical) regions of the
brain when understanding code, critics remain wary. They say that regardless of
cognitive functions, being monolingual is a disadvantage in the increasingly international
economy, even if English has become the de facto (事实上的)language of business.
K) “Our world is shrinking but its problems are really growing,5, says ACTFL National
Language Teacher of the Year Ted Zarrow, who teaches high school Latin in Westwood,
Massachusetts, and has also studied Spanish, French, German, Italian and Greek. "We
need to find a way to put ourselves at the global table and to treat each other with
mutual respect. And learning languages allows us to do that because language is not
part of culture, language is culture.55
L) Even with the benefits and skill sets languages provide, recruiters and employers value
computer skills more. According to the National Association of Colleges and
Employers? 2016 report, study abroad and foreign language fluency were not very
influential in the employee hiring processes, but 55 percent of employers looked for
computer skills on applicants9 resumes. However, although 2016 computer science
graduates can expect to make the second highest starting salary compared with other
jobs this year, the Bureau of Labor predicts the demand for computer programmers will
decrease 8 percent or by 26,500 jobs by 2024.
M) Ring says foreign language skills are important, but expresses doubt that school districts
could work both coding and language into their curriculum in a significant way because
they lack the time in the school day. "Nothing against language/ he says. "I just think
it's something you have to start early and not just have something that you do for a
couple of years in high school,55 he says.
N) Zarrow agrees that foreign language education should begin earlier, but says it is
possible to work both computer programming and foreign language learning into
schools evenly. He suggests an immersive, dual language program where students spend
half the day in English and half the day in another language, as several schools around
the country have successfully implemented. t4The study of language fosters a respect for
diversity, a respect for ethnicity and really a respect for language,Zarrow says.
O) Though the benefits of computer programming skills are vast, foreign language and
coding experts agree that computer science should be negotiated into curriculums rather
2022年9 月英语六级真题第1 套第6 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 81 -----
than replacing foreign language outright. Mandyam says the two skill sets are essential
but unrelated. "Coding is an incredibly important 21st century skill for our kids to learn,
and thafs why we spend so much time trying to teach it,“ Mandyam says via email.
“But I believe it is the same as or even really comparable to learning a foreign language.
It would be a shame to lose something so important for the sake of adding something
else, even something as important as coding. Clearly, education leaders must figure out
a way to teach both.”
36. Employers attach more importance to applicants? computer skills than their language
competence.
37. One U. S. state senator proposed that high school students be allowed to study either
foreign language or computer coding.
38. Learning languages broadens students5 international perspective and nurtures mutual
respect among peoples, according to a high school language teacher.
39. One U. S. state will see to it that programming classes are taught by quality teachers.
40. Statistics show while computer-related jobs have been on the rise, foreign languages
have become less appealing to American students since mid-1990s.
41. All school subjects are said to be essential to students5 well-rounded development.
42. There is consensus among most educators that coding should be taught in schools but
should not replace foreign language.
43. One study showed that foreign language learning improved students' academic
performance.
44. Being short of funding and qualified teachers, schools lag behind the fast developing
computer science field.
45. A distinguished high school language teacher also believes it is advisable to start
learning a foreign language at an earlier age.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The U. S. and China don't agree on much these days. Germany and France share a
border and a currency but are frequently at odds. The U. K. and India like to march to their
own drum. But there5s one issue on which all these countries see eye to eye: Technology
companies are too big, too powerful, and too profitable. And that power is only likely to
intensify, leaving governments with no choice but to confront it head-on by taking the
companies to court, passing new competition laws, and perhaps even breaking up the tech
giants.
China is the latest to implement an anti-trust crackdown, unveiling anti-monopoly
rules last month. The draft rules followed the surprise suspension of a $ 37 billion stock
offering by billionaire Jack Ma's Ant Group Co., making clear that no company can evade
the govemmenfs regulation. The moves in China coincide with accelerating efforts in the
2022年9 月英语六级真题第1 套第7 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 82 -----
U. S. and Europe to rein in Amazon, com, Apple, Facebook, and Google.
“The big get bigger and bigger but without being better,“ says Andreas Schwab, a
German member of the European Parliament who championed a 2014 resolution to break
up Google. "Growing economic power, growing influence on local markets all over the
world, and a growing concern of competitors and consumers altogether have made it
happen now.^^
In this new anti-trust era, the old focus on pricing power no longer applies, because
several of the biggest tech companies have established trillion-dollar monopolies by
charging consumers next to nothing. Tech giants are increasingly assuming powerful
positions in banking, finance, advertising, retail, and other markets that force smaller
businesses to rely on their platforms to reach customers.
For years, Europe alone confronted the power of digital giants. Governments were
alarmed that European companies were failing to match Silicon Valley's innovations or to
stop Google and Facebook from vacuuming up personal data and, with that, advertising
revenue. Led by Margrethe Vestager, the European Union's competition chief, countries
have sought to police the market and encourage fair play.
In China the crackdown has been driven at least partly by fear that the homegrown
tech industry is becoming too powerful. The country has long championed Alibaba and
Tencent, but their massive accumulation of data on the Chinese citizenry is a growing
concern for Beijing.
In the U.S., a new breed of anti-trust experts argues that consideration should be given
to privacy, control over data, workers5 rights, and the overall impact on smaller companies.
And the public in general have grown increasingly skeptical of social media companies.
More than 60% say the sector has a negative effect on the country, and almost half want
more regulation fbr social media, according to a 2020 Pew Research Center study.
46. What does the author say is the issue all major economic powers have to address?
A) How to ensure the sustainable growth of their tech giants.
B) How to keep the competitiveness of their tech companies.
C) How to break up the powerful giant tech companies.
D) How to stop tech companies from gaining monopoly.
47. What does the suspension of Ant Group Co/s stock offering suggest?
A) All attempts to evade regulation are doomed to failure.
B) All attempts to monopolize sales must be cracked down.
C) All companies must be regulated by the government.
D) All companies, domestic or foreign, are created equal.
48. How are smaller companies impacted by tech giants' business expansion?
A) They can no longer do business independent of tech giants.
B) They are frequently denied access to tech giants' platforms.
C) They have to change marketing strategies to keep customers.
D) They no longer have the power to price their own products.
49. What have EU countries done to confront the power of digital giants?
A) They have imposed strict regulation over digital giants' advertising.
B) They have considered regulatory action to promote fair competition.
C) They have limited sales of digital giants' products.
D) They have sought to protect consumers9 privacy.
2022年9 月英语六级真题第1 套第8 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 83 -----
50. What do Americans generally think of social media companies according to the author?
A) They are invading people's privacy.
B) They are increasingly influential.
C) They are becoming untrustworthy.
D) They are growing out of control.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Bom from the accessibility of mass air travel, modem international tourism has been
popularized as “holiday-making“ in regions that offer comparative advantages of sand, sun
and sea. Travel is often portrayed as a tool for personal growth and tourism as an economic
motor fbr destination countries and cities. There is a tendency to assume that tourism is
good fbr everyone involved.
Today the big bang of tourism drives over 1.2 billion tourists across international
borders annually. Many popular places are literally being loved to death. Recent protests in
ports of call like Venice and Barcelona against disturbances created by cruise ships show
the unfortunate consequences of emphasizing quantity over quality in tourism.
Uncontrolled tourism development has become a primary driver of social and
environmental disruption. Tourism studies provide much documentation of the many
negative social impacts of tourism and resulting resentment that local populations direct
toward visitors.
Antagonism toward tourists typically develops in mature, heavily visited destinations.
Protests in heavily visited destinations suggest that traditional tourism has overstayed its
welcome.
Residents often become frustrated when the benefits of tourism are not felt locally.
Although it can generate foreign exchange, income and employment, there ?s no guarantee
that multinational hotel chains will allocate these benefits equitably among local
communities.
On the contrary, when people stay at large resorts or on cruise ships, they make most
of their purchases there, leaving local communities little opportunity to benefit from tourist
spending. These forms of tourism widen economic and political gaps between haves and
have-nots at local destinations.
In recent decades, local residents in destination communities also have found
themselves negotiating new cultural boundaries, class dynamics, service industry roles and
lifestyle transformations. For example, data show that tourism activity corresponds to
increased social problems as local residents adopt the behaviors of tourists.
What does all this mean fbr the everyday traveler?
First, all tourists should make every effort to honor their hosts and respect local
conditions. This means being prepared to adapt to local customs and norms, rather than
expecting local conditions to adapt to travelers.
Second, tourism is a market-based activity and works best when consumers reward
better performers. In the information age, there's little excuse for travelers being
uninformed about where their vacation money goes and who it enriches.
Informed travelers also are better able to distinguish between multinational companies
2022年9 月英语六级真题第1 套第9 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 84 -----
and local entrepreneurs whose businesses provide direct social, environmental, and
economic benefits for local residents. Such businesses are in love with the destination and
are therefore deserving of market reward. In the long run, being a responsible traveler
means ensuring net positive impacts for local people and environments. With the
information available at our fingertips, there has never been more opportunity to do so.
51. What is the popular assumption about international tourism?
A) Its benefits may compensate for the adverse environmental consequences.
B) Its rapid development is attributed to people's improved living standard.
C) It appeals to people in places with favorable geographical conditions.
D) It contributes to the economy of destination countries and regions.
52. What do we learn from some studies about uncontrolled tourism development?
A) It gives rise to an increase in mass confrontations.
B) It incurs local residents5 antagonism to tourists.
C) It inhibits the steady growth of local economy.
D) It brings in a large chunk of mobile population.
53. Why does the author say local residents of popular destinations often feel frustrated?
A) They fall victim to social conflicts and environmental disturbances.
B) They have little opportunity to enjoy themselves on cruise ships.
C) They cannot find employment in multinational hotel chains.
D) They do not think they benefit as much as they deserve.
54. How does the author say local residents in destination communities respond to tourism
activity?
A) They endeavor to adapt to it.
B) They readily adopt new lifestyles.
C) They immerse tourists in their culture.
D) They try to upgrade their business models.
55. What can tourists do to exert more positive impacts on the tourist destinations?
A) Show interest in local customs and lifestyles.
B) Seek possibilities to invest in local companies.
C) Use the services provided by local businesses.
D) Give favorable comments about their services.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
贴春联(Spring Festival couplets)是中国人欢度春节的一个重要习俗。春联由一对诗句
和四字横批(horizontal scroll)组成，诗句和横批用金色或黑色写在红纸上，红色代表幸运，
金色代表财富。春联贴在大门左右两侧和门框上方。春联的诗句体现中国传统诗词的特点，
两句诗的字数相同、内容相关。横批凸显春联的主题，更是锦上添花。春联以简洁的文字
描绘生动的形象，抒发美好的愿望。当家家户户贴春联时，人们就会意识到春节已经正式拉
开序幕。
2022年9 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 0 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 85 -----
2022年09月大学英语六级考试真题(第2 套)
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2 022年9 月英语六级考试特殊，本套试题中听力与阅读题与
第1 套完全一致，未重复整理，请知悉。
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Today more and more people begin to realize the pleasures and joys o f real-world
social interaction.^ You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to
develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
自古以来，印章在中国就是身份的凭证和权力的象征。印章不仅具有实用性，而且也
是一种艺术形式，是一门集书法与雕刻于一体的古老艺术，经常被看作与书画并列的独立
艺术品。印章从材料的选择、制作的工艺到字体的设计，都具有极其丰富的美学表现。其
他国家的艺术家通常在其绘画作品上签名，而中国艺术家则往往在其书画作品上盖上印章
代替签名。这样，印章也就成为作品的组成部分，是体现作品独特性的一种方式。
2022年9 月英语六级真题第2 套第1 页共1 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 86 -----
2022年09月大学英语六级考试真题(第3 套)
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2 022年9 月英语六级考试特殊，本套试题中听力与阅读题与
第1 套完全一致，未重复整理，请知悉。
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “It is now widely accepted that mutual trust and openness is the key to promoting
cooperation.w You can make comments,cite examples, or use your personal experiences to
develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
中央电视台总部大楼位于北京市朝阳区，总建筑面积约5 5 万平方米。主楼由两座塔楼
组成，因其独特的造型，成为这座城市的一个热门景点，每天都吸引众多游客前来参观。
大楼的创新结构是中外建筑师长期合作的成果，不仅体现了环保意识，而且大大节约了建
筑材料。中央电视台总部设有一条穿过大楼的专用通道，向公众展示各个工作室以及中央
电视台的历史。在那里，参观者还可以看到故宫和北京其他地方的壮观景色。
2022年9 月英语六级真题第3 套第1 页共1 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 87 -----
Part I
2022年12月大学英语六级考试真题（第1 套）
Writing
扫码获音频
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence ((With the application of information technology in education, college students can
now learn in more diverse and efficient ways.You can make statements, give reasons, or cite
examples to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200
words.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) She hasn't started writing it. 
C) She is proofreading the first draft.
B) She hasn't decided on a topic. 
D) She is working on the references.
2. A) He lent many books to the man for reference.
B) He offered the man advice on resource hunting.
C) He published a lot in a number of reputable journals.
D) He told the man to be selective when using e-resources.
3. A) He didn't think her dissertation topic viable.
B) He wasn't interested in her dissertation topic.
C) He didn't want her to rush through her dissertation.
D) He wasn't specific about the length of her dissertation.
4. A) Change her research methodology. 
C) Consult her professor more.
B) Narrow down her dissertation topic. 
D) Follow the man's advice.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) He has translated 12 books. 
C) His books sell well worldwide.
B) He is a well-known nutritionist. 
D) His latest book sold a million copies.
6. A) The desire of Americans to try exotic cuisines.
B) The demand for information about food safety.
C) The fact that over half of Americans are overweight.
D)The fact that science books are difficult to read.
7. A) The general public.
B) Those who are overweight.
8. A) Switch to a vegetarian diet.
B) Follow a personalized diet.
C) Those who want to lose weight.
D) The medical community.
C) Adhere to doctors' advice.
D) Cut carbohydrate intake.
Section B
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第1 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 88 -----
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end o f each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) The rate of their growth increased dramatically.
B) The growth of their new brain cells doubled.
C) They began to show signs of depression.
D) They began to get irritated and restless.
10. A) To avoid them in the future. 
C) To make good sense of them.
B) To warn others against them. 
D) To reflect on their causes.
11. A) Produce a surprising healing effect.
B) Weaken one's immunity in the long run.
C) Make people more susceptible to illness.
D) Provide protection against mental illnesses.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Placing their own interests over their staff's.
B) Being overwhelmed by their daily routines.
C) Lacking the ability to relate to their staff.
D) Spending too much time handling email.
13. A) Their leadership may be challenged.
B) Their companies may go bankrupt.
C) Unexpected events may occur.
D) Major problems may result.
14. A) Keep an eye on their employees.
B) Motivate and inspire their team.
C) Sacrifice some of the immediate goals.
D) Have greater ambition in overall planning.
15. A) Cultivate self-control.
B) Filter their email boxes.
C) Respond only after work.
D) Check only when necessary.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) The key to increasing healthy food supply.
B) The best way to improve marketing research.
C) The impact of advertisements on consumption.
D) The importance of the appearance of food.
17. A) By focusing on the nutrients in different foods.
B) By emphasizing the diversity of food.
C) By stressing pleasing aesthetics of food.
D) By winning the support of marketing professors.
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第2 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 89 -----
18. A) They can attract customers with the healthy qualities of their products.
B) They can boost sales of healthy foods by making them visually appealing.
C) They can turn to marketing professors for advice.
D) They can rely on advertising for sales promotion.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It has witnessed a spectacular surge in demand.
B) It has met much criticism from environmentalists.
C) It has seen more small businesses offering environment-friendly products.
D) It has experienced increasingly fierce competition among global companies.
20. A) Consumers now know much more about technology.
B) Their mass production has sharply reduced the price.
C) Consumers tend to favor all that is novel.
D) Their quality has been greatly improved.
21. A) Purchasing only this kind of products fbr home cleaning.
B) Writing positive comments about them on social media.
C) Demonstrating on TV how effective these products are.
D) Telling one another about their incomparable virtues.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Increasing cleaners5 workload. 
C) Breaking a time-honored ritual.
B) Blocking the fountains? works. 
D) Polluting the fountains? water.
23. A) They are occasionally retrieved by curious tourists.
B) They are regularly donated to charity organizations.
C) They are mostly used fbr the fountains? maintenance.
D) They are usually used as wages fbr fountain cleaners.
24. A) It is invested in a series of businesses.
B) It is used exclusively for its maintenance.
C) It is used to run a supermarket for the needy.
D) It is estimated to be about $40,000 a month.
25. A) He was arrested fbr stealing money from four fountain cleaners.
B) He was sentenced to 34 years9 imprisonment.
C) He collected rare coins from around the world.
D) He stole a lot of money from a fountain with a magnetic stick.
Part III
Section A
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第3 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 90 -----
During the summer, when I was a visiting poet at a residency out of state, an angry,
confused woman wandered into my class and said: "I have three guns and I want to use
them.^^ We all 
26 
. It wasn't clear if she had the guns, but we each know that, when we
teach in America, we are already in danger.
I was dizzy with fear. The woman, who later turned out to be a schizophrenic (精,中分
裂症患者) without 
27 
to her medications, was, by some force, wrestled out
and 
28 
away, then put in a hospital fbr observation, in a step that was actually safer
fbr everyone than any one of us pressing charges. My class went on; we talked about poems.
But despite the foct that the rest of our days on campus passed 
29 
, I was rattled. I
couldn't shake the sense that in this country we always live at 
30 
risk.
A few months later, crisis 
31 
again. While my husband was locking his bike to
drop off our 3-year-old daughter for her preschool-aged day camp, a different woman
approached. Swiftly and for no 
32 
reason, she bent down, picked up our daughter,
and began to carry her down the street. It was so fast and confusing that my
daughter 
33 
cried. My husband, in a burst of speed, chased the woman and reclaimed
our daughter. The woman, clearly confused, retreated into the public library. A 
34 
of
homeless people who generally know the other homeless in the area said they did not
recognize the woman. The woman was so clearly unwell that when she was taken into
custody she was incoherent. Heartbreakingly, she called our daughter by the name of
someone else's child. Each part of the episode was as haunting as it was 
35 
.
A) access
I) network
B) apparent
J) overriding
C) barely
K) peacefully
D) dedication
L) presumably
E) escorted
M) stifled
F) froze
N) struck
G) incredible
0) terrifying
H) indignant
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
This man is running 7 marathons on 7 continents in 7 days
A) Michael Wardian pushed forward into the penetrating arctic (才匕极的)wind, fighting the
urge to speed up. Too much effort and he'd begin to sweat, which, he was told, would
only increase the risk of hypothermia (体温过彳氐).
B) At the 2014 North Pole Marathon, the temperature dipped to minus-22 degrees F, with a
wind chill that made it feel even colder. Along the route, armed guards wandered the
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第4 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 91 -----
large sheets of floating ice to minimize the risk of polar bear attacks.
C) “I like to do stuff that scares me,“ Wardian said. With ice frozen to his beard, Wardian
crossed the finish line that April afternoon in a winning time of 4 hours 7 minutes and
40 seconds, almost two hours slower than his personal best over 26.2 miles. The race
for Wardian, however, was less about the result than overcoming his aversion to the
cold.
D) In a few days, Wardian will once again compete in an unfamiliar territory and
below-freezing temperatures. He will line up Monday in Antarctica (南 极)fbr the first
leg of the World Marathon Challenge- joining 32 other adventure seekers on an
unusual journey where participants travel through different time zones and climates to
run seven marathons on seven continents in seven days.
E) An elite ultra-runner, Wardian has his sights on breaking the evenfs record average
marathon time of 3:32:25 set last January by U.S. Marine Corps captain Daniel Cartica.
Wardian, a 42-year-old Arlington resident, is a record-breaking racer, known in the
ultra-running community fbr seeking tough courses and setting world records. Last year,
he ran 1,254.65 miles in 47 races. The World Marathon Challenge, like most of
Wardian's running goals, will be about pushing his limits. "I love diverse and unique
challenges,he said. 'Tm  definitely interested in seeing what I can handle and what my
body can accept. That drives me.^^
F) Something about the way Richard Donovan carried himself appealed to Wardian.
Perhaps it was the sense of adventure Donovan displayed when they first met at the
2010 5OK Championships in Galway, Ireland, where Donovan was the race director.
The two hit it off, and soon Wardian was participating in Donovan's events. It was at
the North Pole Marathon, a race that Donovan organizes, that Wardian first heard about
the Irishman's plan for the World Marathon Challenge- a challenge that Donovan
himself completed in 2009 and 2012. “I knew that many people had a goal of running
seven marathons on seven continents during any time period,“ Donovan, 50, said. "I felt
the natural extension to this idea would be to try to achieve it within a seven-day
period.^^
G) Wardian started saving fbr the trip in 2014, connecting with sponsors and getting
approval from his wife, Jennifer, before committing. Registration fbr the event costs
36,000 euros, which covers international charter flights to each of the seven marathon
locations: Union Glacier (Antarctica), Punta Arenas, Chile (South America), Miami
(North America), Madrid (Europe), Marrakesh, Morocco (Africa), Dubai (Asia) and
Sydney (Australia). The challenge is a test of both physical strength and mental fitness.
Sleeping on a crammed plane, adjusting to different time zones and finding food to eat
(Wardian is a vegetarian) would make it an exhausting trip over a month, let alone a
week. "The key to a race like this is getting comfortable being uncomfortable,said
Becca Pizzi, last year's women's champion. "The highs of the race are incredibly high,
and the lows incredibly low.”
H) Since turning it into an organized event in 2015, Donovan has attracted a variety of
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第5 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 92 -----
runners. This year's challenge will feature a far more elite field, which includes Ryan
Hall, America's fastest marathon runner. Despite his proven track record, Hall said he
has no time goals and that he still suffers from the same fatigue issues that forced him to
leave the professional ranks in 2015. Hall plans to run with his friend, Pastor Matthew
Barnett of The Dream Center in Los Angeles-
one of the six American men who will
be competing. "I don't expect to run a step with Mike, but I will be excited to see how
he does,^^ said the 34-year-old Hall, who began weight-lifting after retiring. 4tIf I finish
within an hour of him in each marathon, I'd be surprised.^^
I) Instead, 43-year-old Petr Vabrousek, an elite Czech Ironman champion, is expected to be
Wardian's closest challenger. To others on the trip, simply finishing will be its own
reward. Sinead Kane of Ireland is aiming to become the first blind person to complete the
challenge. And Beth Ann Telford, a 47-year-old federal government worker from Fairfax
and the only American female in this year's mix, is using the event as a platform to raise
money for cancer research. It's a cause with a personal connection to Telfbrd, who was
diagnosed with brain cancer in 2004. “Doing something like this is definitely the hardest
challenge that Fve ever done except for the chemotherapy and brain surgery,“ she said.
“It's going to raise awareness ... I just wanted to do something that is epic and this
certainly is right up there." Wardian, too, hopes his involvement will give him a platform
to promote a cause. He recently became an ambassador for the United Nations Women's
HeForShe initiative to fight inequalities faced by women and girls worldwide.
J) On a chilly December afternoon, Wardian wove through Washington's crowded
sidewalks on the way home from his full-time job as an international ship broker. His
elastic, 6-foot frame bounced gently and efficiently off the ground with each step of the
hilly six-mile trip back to Arlington. This is a daily routine during the week for Wardian,
who started racing professionally in 2003 and runs seven days a week, often multiple
times a day. When he travels, he prefers to explore new places on his feet.
K) But in some ways, Wardian still has trouble thinking of himself as a runner. For the
majority of his childhood, Wardian devoted his energy to becoming a Division I
lacrosse (长 曲才昆球)player- a dream he realized when he was recruited to play at
Michigan State University. t4Once he decides to do something, he just works at it until
he does it,“ MichaePs younger sister, Mariele, said. "Once he decides to do it, ifs
usually something that's going to happen. He's always been like that. He's a very
motivated individual.^^
L) It was only a year or so ago that Wardian realized that he had been a runner longer than
a lacrosse player. It was not until he ran in the 2004 U.S. Olympic Marathon Trials- the
first of three for Wardian- that he felt that he was a legitimate runner. Now more than
10 years and numerous ultra-marathon national titles and world records later, he
embraces that identity. Wardian wants to see how far his legs can take him, one epic
challenge at a time. 4tI want to always keep doing things that are exciting, adventurous,
different and most importantly, probably things I'm  not the best at,“ Wardian said,
“because if you5re not seeking things out that are challenging and difficult for you, then
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第6 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 93 -----
you're not growing... So I hope maybe people see what I do, and say, 'Okay, I want to
do something different or try something new... I'm going to do something that scares
me.' Thafs what I'm hoping people will take from it.”
36. Wardian regards the various extraordinary challenges as a test of his physical
endurance.
37. Wardian hopes his participation in the seven-day marathon series will contribute to a
worthy cause.
38. Wardian is going to join over thirty other runners in a week-long marathon series.
39. Over-exertion in extreme cold can lower one's body temperature to a dangerous point.
40. Wardian was very much impressed by a race director's sense of adventure.
41. Once Wardian sets his mind on something, he is determined to make it happen.
42. One top American marathoner quit his running career because of his physical condition.
43. To many of the week-long marathon participants, completing the race will be a success
in itself.
44. For Wardian, the marathon in the Arctic was more about how to triumph over the
extreme cold.
45. To participate in the seven-day marathon series, Wardian had to raise a lot of money and
have his wife's support.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Many people associate their self-worth with their work. The more successful their
career, the better they feel about themselves. Work-related self-esteem is therefore a worthy
ideal to pursue with vigor, right? Well, not always. According to recent research, in which
psychologists interviewed 370 full-time workers over a period of three weeks, the reality is
a little more complicated. And it involves negative as well as positive consequences.
Ifs natural to be drawn towards pleasure and to step away from pain. In the workplace,
if that pleasure comes from a triumph which swells our self-respect, people will try to repeat
the accomplishment. But repeating that accomplishment is often not realistic, which can lead
to severe negative emotional consequences when it doesn't reoccur. This form of motivation
is widely regarded as a negative type of motivation. It can hinder other more positive
motivation types, such as completing a task purely because it's fulfilling or enjoyable.
What consumes the employee instead is a pressing need to feel mighty and sure of
themselves. They then take on only tasks and objectives which serve that ego-driven need.
As a result, to avoid feelings of shame and worthlessness associated with failure, they
extend themselves to such a degree that there5s a subsequent adverse effect on their
well-being. This internal pressure to succeed at all costs demands a lot of effort. It depletes
their energy, culminating in disproportionate levels of damaging sentiment.
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第7 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 94 -----
Those negative emotions mount into heightened anxiety, impacting their ability to
make the most of their personal life. Their desire to avoid feeling inferior ends up making
them feel inferior when it comes to their diminished capacity for friendship and leisure.
They end up dissatisfied both at work and outside of it.
But thankfully, fbr those people compelled almost entirely by this specific form of
motivation, the news isn't all bad, or bad at all. The study also discovered several positive
outcomes that can actually outweigh the harmful ones. Though these types of employees
are motivated by the desire to avoid negative consequences, they are also motivated by the
excitement of pursuing emotional rewards. This excitement makes pursuing goals enjoyable
and stimulates pleasure and pride that would result from success. An eflfect of the positive
motivation is that it neutralizes the existence of negative motivation.
Sure, it affects people's personal lives to what could be deemed an unhealthy extent,
because leisure activities are often seen as a part of life that must be sacrificed to manage
work and family demands. However, the way people feel about their work has less to do
with whether they're motivated by the preservation of selfesteem but more with the fact
that they're simply motivated.
46. What does the author say about the pursuit of work-related self-esteem?
A) It may result in negative motivation.
B) It contributes to one's accomplishments.
C) It can increase one's vigor as one keeps trying.
D) It costs too much emotionally and psychologically.
47. What do employees tend to do in pursuing work-related self-esteem?
A) Take on tasks well beyond their actual capabilities.
B) Strive to succeed at the expense of their well-being.
C) Resort to all means regardless of the consequences.
D) Exaggerate their sense of shame and worthlessness.
48. What do we learn about people over-concerned with work-related sell-esteem?
A) They may often feel inferior to their colleagues.
B) They cannot enjoy their personal life to the full.
C) They are never satisfied with their achievements.
D) They have their own view of friendship and leisure.
49. What is the good news we learn from the recent research?
A) The pursuit of goals may turn out to be enjoyable and pleasant.
B) The emotional rewards from goal pursuit are worth the pains taken.
C) The negative consequences of goal pursuit can mostly be avoided.
D) The goal of swelling self-esteem can be achieved if one keeps trying.
50. What can we infer from the last paragraph?
A) Workers have to make sacrifices to preserve self-esteem.
B) Self-esteem swells when workers are strongly motivated.
C) Pursuit of goals affects people's personal lives to an unhealthy extent.
D) People feel positive about their work as long as they are motivated.
Passage Two
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第8 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 95 -----
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Degradation of the world's natural resources by humans is rapidly outpacing the
planefs ability to absorb the damage, a recent UN environmental study has found. The
study concludes that without radical action the level of prosperity that millions of people in
the developed world count on will be impossible to maintain or extend to poorer countries.
Water scarcity is the curse of some of the poorest regions on Earth, leaving developing
countries increasingly unable to feed themselves, and causing hardship fbr millions of people.
There appears little prospect of this desperate situation being remedied without radical action
being taken. Water resources are under increasing threat from population growth, climate
change, rapid urbanization, rising levels of consumption, and the degradation of lands that
previously provided a natural replenishment ()卜充)of water resources.
The rate of damage to the natural environment was found to increase globally, despite
concerted efforts to persuade government to take measures to improve the condition. "If
current trends continue, and the world fails to improve patterns of production and
consumption, then the state of the world's environment will continue to decline,“ warned
UN executive director Achim Steiner.
He said the tools for improving the environment fbr millions of people existed in
developed countries, but were in danger of not being used.
The study found that basic measures to tackle some of the key causes of environmental
damage were still not being taken. These included measures to reduce air pollution; to
control the damage to marine eco-systems, which can have a huge effect on fish stocks on
which hundreds of millions of people depend; and to curb the degradation of land where
modem agricultural methods were pursued without regard to the longer-term consequences.
Despite the recent global agreement on cutting greenhouse gas emissions, global
carbon output continues to rise. This will put a long-term strain on the ability of developing
economies to feed their own people. Climate change is aggravated by the emissions of
greenhouse gases from chemical and natural fertilisers used in agriculture which increased
by more than a quarter between 2000 and 2010. Other problem areas identified in the report
included glaciers, which provide vital water resources fbr millions of people, but which are
shrinking as the climate warms.
In rich countries, these problems have built up over decades and centuries while
economic growth was pursued at the expense of the environment. Subsequent efforts to
remedy the environment have met with partial success. But in developing countries, the
path of future development has more potential to change, which has encouraged
international institutions to devise more sustainable growth pathways that are supposed
both to alleviate poverty and preserve the environment.
51. What is the major finding of the UN environmental study?
A) Human activity has rendered Mother Earth almost uninhabitable.
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第9 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 96 -----
B) Humans are doing more damage to the earth than it can cope with.
C) Environmental problems have considerably weakened human prosperity.
D) Environmental damage is more serious in developed countries these days.
52. What is said about water scarcity in some of the poorest regions?
A) It is getting so serious that there is little hope of solution.
B) It largely accounts for their slow economic development.
C) It can hardly be relieved if no drastic measures are taken.
D) It is primarily caused by the acceleration of climate change.
53. What does Achim Steiner say about the environmental condition?
A) It will deteriorate worldwide.
B) It is attracting global attention.
C) It is being slowly remedied globally.
D) It will shrink the world's population.
54. What is the dilemma developing countries face?
A) They cannot modernise farming without causing land degradation.
B) They cannot promote industrialisation without polluting waterways.
C) They cannot boost crop yields without causing greenhouse gas emissions.
D) They cannot catch up with rich countries without sacrificing the environment.
55. What should developing countries do in their future development according to the passage?
A) They turn to developed countries for the assistance they need.
B) They remedy environmental damage by slowing economic growth.
C) They avoid damaging interference from international institutions.
D) They improve people's livelihood without harming the environment.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
青藏高原( the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau)位于中国西南部，面积约230万平方公里，平均
海拔4000米以上，被称为“世界屋脊”。青藏高原自然资源丰富，风景秀丽，拥有多种珍稀
野生动物。
青藏高原气温很低，形成了大面积高山冰川。这里是亚洲许多著名河流的源头，是中
国和东南亚的主要淡水供应源。青藏高原对全球生态系统至关重要。
由于气候变化的影响，青藏高原的冰川正在加速融化。中国一直在努力保护青藏高原
的生态系统，草地覆盖率不断增加，许多濒危物种得到更为有效的保护。
2022年12月英语六级真题第1 套第1 0 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 97 -----
Part I
2022年12月大学英语六级考试真题（第2 套）
Writing
扫码获音频
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “In an era o f information explosion, it is vitally important to develop the ability to
think critically and make rational choices.w You can make statements, give reasons, or cite
examples to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200
words.
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Prioritizing happiness over money.
B) Joining the club to get her new book.
2. A) She was in debt.
B) She was a financial adviser.
3. A) It reflects one's earning power.
B) It varies with one's environment.
C) Managing one's personal finances wisely.
D) Consuming more only when earning more.
C) She earned $30,000 a month.
D) She enjoyed a happy life.
C) It mirrors one's sense of wellbeing.
D) It changes with one's goals in life.
4. A) It would give him more time to be with his loved ones.
B) It would be good for those who value relationships.
C) It would mean major sacrifices for him.
D) It would deprive him of his individuality.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It was the artist's first landscape. 
C) It was donated by the artist herself.
B) It was a painting by Christopher. 
D) It was displayed at a retirement party.
6. A) It was the pamtmg that instantly made her rich.
B) It has cost him a lot of money to purchase it.
C) It was recently purchased by the gallery.
D) It is owned by an anonymous collector.
7. A) It reflects her emotions.
B) It contains ample details.
8. A) She is eccentric like any other artist.
B) She is a very nice and intelligent artist.
C) It appears perfectly symmetrical.
D) It depicts the beauty of desolation.
C) She is as lucky as any acclaimed artist.
D) She is one of the most productive artists.
Section B
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第1 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 98 -----
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It is vital to one's mental health. 
C) It promotes interpersonal relationship.
B) It leads to reconciliation and peace. 
D) It keeps one from traumatic experience.
10. A) When the offender has power over the victim.
B) When the offender is not willing to apologize.
C) When the offender is not duly penalized.
D) When the offender adds insult to injury.
11. A) Talk with the offender calmly. 
C) Find out why he committed the offense.
B) Accept the offender's apology. 
D) Determine how serious the offense was.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) The number of passengers dropped sharply.
B) It served more and more commuters.
C) The number of stations increased to 50.
D) It became the longest in the United Kingdom.
13. A) To increase capacity to meet growing needs.
B) To make way for other means of transport.
C) To have its systems modernised.
D) To avoid further financial losses.
14. A) It is generally recognised as a world heritage site.
B) It is the fastest way to reach the city's south side.
C) It constitutes a source of revenue for the city.
D) It helps reduce traffic jams in the city centre.
15. A) They are usually crowded. 
C) They accept smartcards only.
B) They use high-tech systems. 
D) They are colourfully decorated.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They are quite friendly to humans. 
C) They are unafraid of humans.
B) They are shrinking in numbers. 
D) They are especially fond of garbage.
17. A) It is strictly forbidden. 
C) It is a gesture of human generosity.
B) It is an uncommon sight. 
D) It is allowed only in certain areas.
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第2 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 99 -----
18. A) Share their food with the bear they see.
B) Be prepared to run into a hungry bear.
C) Try to be friendly with the bear they meet.
D) Refrain from teasing bears with cubs.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It refers to opinions that are radical and widespread.
B) It means making judgments without adequate knowledge.
C) It refers to deep-rooted beliefs about someone or something.
D) It means sticking to one's judgments even when proved wrong.
20. A) They often lead to war between religious groups.
B) They keep certain occupations from thriving.
C) They allow myths and half-truths to persist.
D) They prevent us from getting to the truth.
21. A) When we start to feel superior.
B) When we mix with prejudiced people.
C) When we live in an isolated neighborhood.
D) When we try to keep up with those around us.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Motivated. 
C) Perplexed.
B) Disappointed. 
D) Shocked.
23. A) They would change with the passage of time.
B) They would benefit young people's adult life.
C) They would help kids grow.
D) They would last a lifetime.
24. A) He had become mature. 
C) He had lots of stories to tell.
B) He suffered poor health. 
D) He regretted leaving Vietnam.
25. A) Make friends with his students.
B) Show his students how to do their best.
C) Help his students get through the growing pains.
D) Share his personal experience with his students.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第3 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 100 -----
The task of the global strategist of a business is to build a platform of capabilities
derived from the resources, experiences and innovations of units operating in multiple
locations, to transplant those capabilities wherever 
26 
, and then to systematically
upgrade and renew them- ahead of the competition.
Apple is an outstanding case of a company whose unique capabilities give it a
worldwide 
27 
advantage, particularly with respect to its ability to build platforms
from a product base that integrates functional and 
28 
design. Apple has been able to
leverage and exploit its California-based design and marketing advantages successfully
throughout the world. IKEA is another such case. The do-it-yourself furniture and
houseware company first developed a compelling set of capabilities to design, manufacture
and 
29 
furniture at low cost and sell it in a novel way in Sweden. Later, IKEA
successfully 
30 
this formula in many other countries.
By contrast, Telefonica, a Spanish telecommunications company that is now the
world's fifth largest telecom by 
31 
. first developed its special advantage abroad. In
1989 and 1990, Telefonica had the opportunity to enter Chile and Argentina, countries that
shared many institutional and cultural characteristics with its home country but that
were 
32 
more rapid market reform. Throughout the 1990s, Telefonica took what it
learned in Chile and Argentina about reconstructing former state-owned telecoms to other
Latin American countries that were privatizing their state telecoms and deregulating their
telecom markets.
These examples might lead the reader to believe that creating a global advantage is an
easy task. But many other 
33 
of expensive failed experiments suggest that creating a
lasting global advantage actually requires a great deal of 
34 
and operational finesse
(技工弓).Our research suggests that global winners typically create and sustain their
international presence through a systematic process of 
35 
, renewing and enhancing
their core capabilities.
A) aesthetic
I) reproduced
B) appropriate
J) revenues
C) clusters
K) safeguarding
D) competitive
L) ship
E) exploiting
M) strategic
F) fiscal
N) transcend
G) instances
O) undergoing
H) rehabilitated
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2.
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第4 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 101 -----
Fear of Nature: An Emerging Threat to Conservation
A) What do we lose when natural spaces and species disappear? Increasingly, research has
shown that as species and ecosystems vanish, it also chips away at our ability to
preserve what remains- because we no longer understand what we're losing.
B) You probably see it all the time. The neighbor who puts pesticides on his lawn rather
than deal with annoying bees. The politician who votes against wildlife protection
because she's never seen a wolf in the wild. The corporation that wants to bulldoze (用
推土机推平)the habitat of a rare frog.
C) At best this can be termed “the extinction of experience,where our cultural and natural
histories fade from our memories and therefore our reality. At its worst it becomes
something even more concerning: "biophobia,“ the fear of living things and a complete
aversion to nature.
D) This isn't the fiction of living in a cold, empty dystopia (绝望的世界).Sadly, ifs
becoming a way of life for too many people- especially children. A recent study in
Japan paints a striking portrait of this problem. A survey of more than 5,300 school
children in the Tochigi Prefecture examined their perception of 14 local insect species
and one spider. The results? A collective "ew!” Most of the students saw the species as
things to dislike or fear, or even as sources of danger. The less experience the students
had with nature, the more negative their feelings.
E) The results were published earlier this year in the journal Biological Conservation.
Lead researcher Masashi Soga with the University of Tokyo says the study stemmed
from observations about today's nature-deficient children. "Humans inherently avoid
dangerous organisms such as bees, but children these days avoid even harmless insects
such as butterflies and dragonflies (蜻蜓),“he says. "I have long wondered why so
many of today's children react like this.”
F) Although the children's reactions were somewhat expected, the new study did contain
an unexpected finding: Many of the surveyed children revealed that their parents also
expressed fear or disgust of the same animals. In fact these parental emotions were
strong enough to overwhelm any positive experiences the children might have gained
from direct experiences in nature. As Soga and his coauthors wrote in their paper, t4Our
results suggest that there is likely a feedback loop in which an increase in people who
have negative attitudes towards nature in one generation will lead to a further increase
in people with similar attitudes in the next generation.
G) And thafs possibly the greater threat posed by extinction of experience. Soga suggests
the generational loss- a condition previously dubbed environmental generational
amnesia (遗忘)一 could chip away at our societal ability to preserve what we're losing.
“I believe that increased biophobia is a major, but invisible, threat to global
biodiversity,Soga says. "As the number of children who have biophobia increases,
public interest and support for biodiversity conservation will gradually decline.
Although many conservation biologists still consider that preventing the loss of wildlife
habitat is the most important way to conserve biodiversity, I think preventing increased
biophobia is also important for conservation.^^
H) Whafs to be done about this? The paper makes several recommendations, the most
obvious of which is that children should experience nature more often. The authors also
suggest establishing policies to guide these natural experiences and increasing
educational programs about the natural world.
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第5 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 102 -----
I) Helping parents to see species around them in a new light would make a difference, too.
And, of course, maintaining support for preserving the wild spaces where these “scary”
creatures live is the most important thing of all. Thafs a point reinforced by another
recent study, which found that wild spaces located within urban areas- and the plants and
animals that thrive in them-are particularly important for human health and well-being.
J) Published in the journal Frontiers in Sustainable Cities, the study examined attitudes
toward Discovery Park, the heavily forested 534-acre public park in Seattle,
Washington. It found that the public had the most appreciation for- and gained the
most value from- the wildest parts of the park. 4tI have seen whales, seals, fish, eagles,
shorebirds and many other sea creatures in their natural habitat/5 one survey participant
wrote. "Coming here with people has allowed me to connect and talk with them about
conversation that simply does not happen in everyday lifb,“ wrote another.
K) The participants reported that their most valuable experiences in the park included
encountering wildlife, walking through open spaces, exploring the beach and finding
beautiful views. t4We saw that a large majority of participants5 interactions, especially
their most meaningful interactions, depended on Discovery Park's relative wildness/5
says lead author Elizabeth Lev, a master5s student in the University of Washington's
Human Interaction with Nature Lab. This is only possible because the park is relatively
wild. After all, you can't enjoy watching birds if there are no birds to follow; gaze at the
sunset if ifs obscured by skyscrapers; or stop and smell the flowers if they don't have
room to grow.
L) And yet even this long-protected space could someday become less hospitable to nature.
Over the past few years a lot of people and organizations have suggested developing
parts of Discovery Park or the neighboring area. Most recently a plan proposed building
34 acres of much-needed affordable housing and parking spaces adjacent to the park,
bringing with them noise, traffic and pollution.
M) If anything like that happened, both the park and the people of Seattle could lose
something vital. And that would continue the trend of chipping away at Seattle's- and
the world's- natural spaces, leaving just tiny pocket parks and green-but-empty spaces
that offer little real value to wildlife, plants or people.
N) “It is true that any interaction with nature is better than none, but I don't want people to
be satisfied with any small bit of grass and trees,“ Lev says. t4We have been in this cycle
of environmental generational amnesia for a long time, where the baseline keeps
shifting and we don't even realize what we're losing until it's gone. If we can get people
to understand how much meaning and value can come from having more experiences
with more wild forms of nature, then maybe we can stop this cycle and move toward
conserving and restoring what we have
O) Building this understanding in an ever-more fearful and disconnected world may be the
biggest challenge. Peter Kahn, the senior author of Lev's paper and the director of the
Human Interaction with Nature lab, made several suggestions for bridging this gap in
this 2011 book, Technological Nature. They echo the recommendation about getting
children into nature, but also include telling stories of how things used to be, imagining
what things might be like in the future, and developing a common language about
nature, “a way of speaking about wild and domestic interaction patterns, and the
meaningful, deep and often joyful feelings that they generate.
P) No matter what techniques we use, this growing field of research illustrates that saving
nature requires encouraging people to experience it more often and more deeply. That
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第6 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 103 -----
calls for additional research- Lev and her coauthors have published a toolkit that other
municipalities can follow to study the value of their own wild spaces- and clear
communication of the results. t4If we can continue to show people the benefits of these
wild spaces,5, Lev says, “maybe people will begin to see more value in keeping these
areas undeveloped- for the sake of our mutual benefit.”
36. A new study found parents5 aversion to certain animals would pass on to their children.
37. The disappearance of species and ecological systems erodes our ability to keep what is
left.
38. A study showed that the wildest areas of Discovery Park appealed most to the public.
39. The fear of living organisms is becoming more worrisome.
40. Preventing the increase in children's fear of living creatures is also important for
conserving biodiversity.
41. Research shows that more and deeper experience people have with nature will help save
it.
42. Though humans naturally tend to avoid dangerous animals, today's children try to stay
away from even harmless ones.
43. Development in and around Discovery Park could cause heavy losses to the park and
the local residents.
44. A large survey of school children found that their negative feelings grew as their
experience with nature diminished.
45. Elizabeth Lev believes increased contact with more wildlife helps conserve biodiversity.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Some people in the US have asserted that forgiving student loan debt is one way to
stimulate the economy and give assistance to those in need. One government proposition is
to eliminate $10,000 of debt for 'economically distressed, students. Some in US Congress
have gone so far as to suggest forgiving up to $50,000 in debt per student borrower, but
does forgiving student debt necessarily correlate to helping the economically disadvantaged?
The answer is no. This policy is just giving money away to universities and the most
affluent students in attendance. Federal Reserve data reveals that the highest-income 40
percent of households owe approximately 60 percent of outstanding student debt, while the
lowest 40 percent owe just under 20 percent. This could be due to a combination of factors:
students from high-income households are more likely to go to expensive colleges, less
likely to receive financial aid, and more likely to have high incomes post-graduation. Plus,
the majority of student debt is held by graduate degree earners, who earn approximately 25
percent more than their undergraduate counterparts. Clearly, giving free reign to banks to
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第7 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 104 -----
forgive student debt is a step in the wrong direction.
Other proposals for broader, long-term student loan plans have some fundamental
problems. One idea is to cancel student debt only for undergraduate degrees and for
students making less than $125,000.
This attempts to address the fact that Congress9 previously mentioned student loan
forgiveness plan largely helps out the wealthy, but is an adverse incentive for universities to
keep raising tuition and for students to choose to major in low-earning degree programs.
Colleges have no reason to make their programs more affordable if they believe students
will just take out more debt. And, students will feel more comfortable making the
irresponsible decision to go tens of thousands of dollars in debt to major in impractical or
idealistic subjects if they know their loans will be forgiven.
This is especially concerning given the pandemic (大流行病)has rendered a college
education practically worthless. Students are paying tens of thousands of dollars per year to
live at home and be lectured on the Internet. Do we really want to tell colleges that they can
get away with providing below-average service for an outrageous cost?
In the case of any of these student debt plans, working-class Americans who chose not
to or could not afford to go to college will be subsidizing the education of the professional
class. Plumbers and retail workers will be paying for the degrees of doctors and lawyers.
The US government5s effort to help those in debt is commendable but is this really the
solution that will help the poor financially recover?
46. Why do some people advocate forgiving student loan debt?
A) They assert it will narrow the gap between the wealthy and the poor.
B) They believe it will benefit both the economy and the underprivileged.
C) They claim it will eliminate economic distress among college students.
D) They think the cost of education is the responsibility of the government.
47. What do we learn from the Federal Reserve data?
A) Approximately 60% of student debt remains unpaid.
B) Cancelling student debt benefits wealthy families most.
C) Forgiving student debt provides little benefit to universities.
D) Low-income families owe the biggest amount of student debt.
48. What does the author say students are likely to do if they know they needn't repay their
loans?
A) They will choose to study subjects without considering their job prospects.
B) They will be free to pursue their goals without being burdened financially.
C) They will over-borrow and live beyond their means.
D) They will be able to enroll in expensive universities.
49. What does the author imply about colleges oflering online education?
A) They cannot get away with the serious consequences.
B) They have suffered greatly from the current pandemic.
C) The tuition they charge is not justified by the quality of their service.
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第8 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 105 -----
D) The tuition they charge has surged outrageously during the pandemic.
50. What will happen if any of the proposed student debt plans is implemented?
A) Plumbers and retail workers will have a chance of becoming professionals.
B) Working-class students will have increasing access to subsidized education.
C) Blue-collar workers will have to bear the cost of educating would-be high-eamers.
D) A growing number of students will be able to earn degrees in medicine and law.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
If there's one rule that most parents cling to in the confusing, fast-changing world of
kids and media, ifs “No screens before age 2”.
As of today, that rule has been thrown out the window.
The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP), which first issued that recommendation
back in 1999, has extensively updated and revised its guidelines for children and
adolescents to reflect new research and new habits.
The new guidelines, especially for very young children, shift the focus from WHAT is
on the screen to WHO else is in the room. And in doing so, they raise some intriguing
points about the future of learning from media.
For babies younger than 18 months, AAP still says no screens at all are the best
idea~~with one notable exception: Live video chat. Surveys indicate that families already
popularly believe that “Face time doesn't count”, or at least that the benefit of virtual visits
with grandparents or other relatives outweighs the potential cost of exposing babies to the
laptop or smartphone.
The AAP doesn't cite positive evidence that infants actually get something out of this
kind of “conversation”, the way that they clearly do from live social interaction. But there5s
some observational research that infants as young as six months old are emotionally
engaged by playing live peekaboo (躲猫猫)with Grandma online.
For infants and toddlers (学 步儿童)，ages 15 months to 2 years old, there's limited
evidence from a couple of very small studies that they can learn new words from
educational media, if and only if parents are watching alongside them, repeating what the
video says and/or drawing attention to what is on the screen. In other words, treating a
video or an app like a picture book is the best bet.
The flip side of this is that many studies have actually shown poorer language skills
correlated with earlier solo viewing of “educational“ videos. There's also research that
shows language delays in children who watch more TV and start watching earlier. In both
cases, the problem seems to be media replacing interaction with people. For this reason, the
new AAP guideline has changed from “avoid all screens under age 2" to "avoid solo media
use in this age group^^.
For preschoolers ages 2 to 5, there?s more evidence that they have the ability to
transfer knowledge from screens to the real world, including early literacy and math. For
this age group, AAP recommends no more than an hour a day of screen use. And, just as
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第9 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 106 -----
with younger children, they want care-givers to take part in screen time: "Co-view with
your children, help children understand what they are seeing, and help them apply what
they learn to the world around them.^^
51. What do we learn about the “No screens under 2" rule?
A) It has met more and more resistance from parents.
B) It has proved helpful to children's healthy growth.
C) It confuses parents with regard to kids' education.
D) It has been discarded in line with recent research.
52. What do the new AAP guidelines advocate?
A) Young children should be accompanied by parents during screen time.
B) Parents should be emotionally involved in their children's upbringing.
C) Young children should watch videos carefully selected by parents.
D) Parents should protect their children from too much media exposure.
53. What do families think of live video chat according to surveys?
A) It should not be regarded as screen time.
B) It helps babies to develop their verbal skills.
C) It is not as harmful as playing games on laptops.
D) It is a good substitute fbr video viewing.
54. What do researches find about kids solo viewing educational videos?
A) It arouses their interest in language learning.
B) It works no better than reading picture books.
C) It hampers their development of language skills.
D) It helps them acquire independent learning skills.
55. What does the author say about preschoolers ages 2 to 5?
A) They can understand pretty well what they see on the screen.
B) They can learn on their own without much parental guidance.
C) They can make use of educational videos to develop digital literacy.
D) They can relate what they learn on the screen to real life situations.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
黄土高原( the Loess Plateau)是中国第三大高原，面积约6 0 万平方公里，平均海拔
1000-2000米，绝大部分覆盖着50-80米厚的黄土，是世界上黄土分布最集中、覆盖厚度最
大的区域。这是大自然创造的一个奇迹，在世界上也是绝无仅有的。
黄土高原是中华民族的发祥地之一。早在5500年前，人们就已经在黄土高原上开始农
耕。随着农耕业的持续发展，黄土高原人口不断增加，在秦汉时期就成为中国的政治和经
济中心。如今，随着西部大开发战略的实施，黄土高原地区的经济得到了迅速发展。
2022年12月英语六级真题第2 套第1 0 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 107 -----
2022年12月大学英语六级考试真题(第3 套)
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Today increasing importance is being attached to cultivating college students, team
spirit.w You can make statements, give reasons, or cite examples to develop your essay. You
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2 0 2 2 年1 2 月大学英语六级考试全国共考了两套听力，
本套的听力内容与第二套相同，因此本套听力部分不再重复给出。
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
American colleges and universities are using 64 percent less coal than they did a
decade ago, burning 700,000 tons last year, down from 2 million tons in 2008, the U.S.
Energy Information Administration (EIA) said in a report 
26 
yesterday.
All 57 schools that were burning coal in 2008 are using less now, and 20 have 
27
coal completely, EIA found.
Most universities have turned to natural gas as a 
28 
with state funding backing
the fuel switch.
While academic institutions use less than 0.1 percent of U.S. coal burned for power,
campus coal use has a history dating back to the 1800s when 
29 
to power was scarce.
Many universities still operate their own power plants. The Public Utility Regulatory
Policies Act of 1978 encouraged more electricity generation by allowing institutions to
sell 
30 
power to utilities.
But EIA noted many coal-fired universities have signed onto the American College
and University Presidents Climate Commitment, which was launched in 2007.
About 665 schools are part of the program, which aims to 
31 
greenhouse gas
emissions. Thirty percent of the participants have pledged to be carbon 
32 
within 20
years.
The Sierra Club's Beyond Coal campaign, which also leads campaigns for universities
to withdraw their 
33 
in coal and other fossil fuels, lists 22 schools that have pledged
to move “beyond coal/5 including Clemson University, Indiana University, Ohio University,
Penn State University, the University of Louisville and the University of Tennessee,
Knoxville.
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第1 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 108 -----
The largest coal use 
34 
at colleges were in Michigan, Missouri, Tennessee and
Indiana. Indiana's universities alone cut coal 
35 
by 81 percent between 2008 and
2015.
During the same period, Michigan made an 80 percent cut and Tennessee cut back by
94 percent at state institutions.
A)abandoned
I) neutral
B) access
J) reductions
C) consumption
K) released
D) contrive
L) replacement
E) duplications
M) slash
F) investments
N) surplus
G) mobilized
O) void
H) negligent
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer sheet 2.
Classical music aims to evolve, build audiences without alienating old guard
A) In 1913, classical music sparked a riot in Paris. Igor Stravinsky was introducing his
revolutionary “Rite of Spring^^ ballet to the world, with its discordant melodies and
unorthodox choreography ( 编舞) ，and the purists in the crowd expressed their
disapproval loud and clear. It might have been classical music's version of the time Bob
Dylan went electric at the Newport Folk Festival. 4tThe noise, fighting, and shouting in
the audience got so loud,^^ NPR's music reporter Miles Hoffman said of the Stravinsky
debut, “that the choreographer had to shout out the numbers to the dancers so that they
knew what they were supposed to do.^^
B) Ifs difficult to imagine a similar disturbance occurring today within America's sacred
symphony halls. In fact, it's hard to picture any kind of disruptive activity at all (unless
someone's cell phone happens to go off, and then you'd better watch your back). A
mannerly aura (氛围)hangs over most classical proceedings, and many of the genre5s
biggest supporters would have it no other way.
C) Today, Western audiences for classical music and opera and ballet are almost always
well dressed, older, respectful, achingly silent and often very wealthy (one has to be
able to afford most tickets). But as many of America's most storied ”班g/zbvow“ (高雅的)
institutions struggle financially- the Philadelphia Orchestra's much-publicized rebound
from bankruptcy is just one recent example- classical music fans and theorists are
wondering how the medium can weave itself into the 21st century's cultural fabric
without sacrificing its integrity.
D) For example, should we feel OK “clapping“ during classical music events, even if
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第2 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 109 -----
nobody else is? Why shouldn,t we cheer for something great, like we do at a rock
concert? The Huffington Post recently ran a Great Debate on this issue and many
commenters came out on the side of silence. 4tThere is no more rewarding experience in
life than being part of an audience where everybody is leaning forward in silence,
thoroughly carried away by a great performance of a masterpiece,one commenter
wrote. t4Why is it so difficult for folks to develop an appreciation and understanding for
the mannerisms and traditions of classical music?^^ asked another.
E） The truth is that classical music audiences weren't always so polite. Robert Greenberg,
an award-winning composer, said that when Beethoven first performed his 7th
Symphony, audiences forced the orchestra to perform encores （重演）of certain
movements immediately, applauding wildly. And in the last few decades, he said, many
audiences at opera performances have abandoned pretenses, yelling “Bravo“ when they
feel like it.
F） "I don't think there5s anything wrong with an audience showing their enthusiasm fbr a
proper moment by applauding, showing their joy,“ Greenberg said, noting that the
stuffiness in concert halls is “one aspect of contemporary concert etiquette^^ he doesn't
understand. ''Instead of waiting half an hour to show enthusiasm, why not show it every
eight or nine mmutes?^^
G） Until the rules about behavior and clothing change, ifs hard to imagine multitudes of
young people filling concert halls on their own accord. They5re probably more likely to
head to Central Park to watch a free performance with a bottle of wine and their friends.
“I think anyone should be able to come into a performance dressed any way they like,
and be comfortable any way they like, sitting in that seat ready to enjoy themselves,
Greenberg said. "Because it's enjoyable.
H） Greenberg stressed that he doesn't want people to start respecting the music less, and
he's not suggesting that we “dumb down^^ the experience. Rather, it's about opening up
“access”. When operas first instituted subtitles （字幕）during shows, he said, many
purists didn't like the idea, believing that the audience should instead study the works
before attending. But now it's commonplace to find titles on the seatback in front of
you一choose a language, sit back, and understand whafs going on.
I） Allison Vulgamore, president of the Philadelphia Orchestra, is certainly looking to the
future. She says certain ''classics concerts^^ dedicated to the old masters will always
exist, but not every program has to feature Beethoven and Brahms- or even a stage and
seats. "We're trying to introduce different kinds of concerts in different ways,“ she said.
“We are an interactive society now, where people like to learn.”
J） As the Philadelphia Orchestra rebounds from its financial straits, it is also aiming to
experiment, without alienating the loyalists. Vulgamore pointed to Cirque de la
Symphonic, a recent offering in which jugglers （玩杂耍的人）and acrobats （杂技演员）
interacted with musicians. An upcoming collaboration with New York City's Ridge
Theatre, meanwhile, will feature a "suspended dance installation^^ and other theatrical
elements occurring in conjunction with an orchestral piece.
K） The orchestra also continues to offer $25 annual memberships to Philadelphia students,
who can buy rush tickets to every concert on the schedule. "Students line up fbr the
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第3 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 110 -----
concerts they want, and we get roughly 300 or 350 kids a night coming to these. They
take any of the open seats available, 5 minutes before the concert starts,“ Vulgamore
said. "It's like the running of the bulls, that energy when the doors open.^^
L) Greenberg thinks that youthful energy needs to be harvested. Conductors don't have to be
arrogant and untouchable- they can be accessible. Perhaps there could even be a “bit of
humor“ about them, he suggested, and an abandoning of pretension within the high-art
institutions themselves. 4tOn one hand, these organizations are all saying the same thing:
we want more general audiences, to break down cultural barriers,he said. "But then they
come up with some very snooty (目 中无人的)thing that makes you crazy.”
M) John Terauds, a critic who has covered Toronto's classical music scene extensively, also
wants to do away with the stuffiness. He suggested that the warmer an audience is, the
better the musicians themselves will respond. "But the producer or organizer has to let
everyone know ifs OK,“ he said. "It's OK to enjoy yourself." At the Toronto Symphony
Orchestra, fbr example, conductor Peter Oundjian often stops between pieces, taking a
moment to talk about the composer or the music in a very amiable way. And some
nights, Terauds said, “at least a third” of the audience consists of students who have
purchased cheaper tickets. On these nights, the energy of the room drastically shifts. It
becomes a less intimidating place.
N) Back in February, Terauds wrote on his blog about how going to classical
performances can be intimidating. Certain people “think they have to dress up,“ he
wrote. "They think they have to know something about the music before they go. And,
I'm sure, sitting in a seat, trembling in fear that this might be the wrong time to
applaud, is also one of the factors.
O) Everyone in the classical world agrees on the need for increased “accessibility,“ but
achieving it is often easier said than done. Nowadays, there are unknown, unorthodox
opera singers wowing (博得.的喝彩)viewers on TV programs like “America's
Got Talent" and "The Voice^^. What can higher institutions do with any of that? And if
they appeal to these outlets, do they risk compromising the integrity or the
intelligence of the music?
P) Vulgamore seems to understand this. She thinks an organization can have it both ways,
claiming the new while keeping the old. And as she reorganizes the Philadelphia
Orchestra, she will attempt to do just that. "The world's most respected musicians
brought together as an orchestra will always exist,“ she said. "But it's essential that we
be willing to experiment and
36. It was not a rare occurrence that audiences behaved wildly while listening to classical
music.
37. Some high-art institutions don't actually mean it when they say they want more general
audiences.
38. The theatre was in chaos when an unconventional ballet was first put on stage in the
capital of France.
39. According to one critic, the audience's warm response would encourage the musicians
to do a better job.
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第4 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 111 -----
40. Many commenters argued for the audience enjoying classical music quietly.
41. What appears on the seatback screen makes it unnecessary for the audience to study the
works beforehand.
42. It is generally accepted that there should be no disturbance from the audience during
classical music performance.
43. Higher institutions will be concerned about compromising the integrity of classical
music if they have to resort to the television medium.
44. Heavily discounted rush tickets help attract many young students to attend classical
concerts.
45. The formalities of high-art theatres can intimidate some people attending a performance.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
How can one person enjoy good health, while another person looks old before her time?
Humans have been asking this question for thousands of years, and recently, ifs becoming
clearer and clearer to scientists that the differences between people's rates of aging lie in the
complex interactions among genes, social relationships, environments and lifestyles. Even
though you were bom with a particular set of genes, the way you live can influence how
they express themselves. Some lifestyle factors may even turn genes on or shut them off.
Deep within the genetic heart of all our cells are telomeres, or repeating segments of
noncoding DNA that live at the ends of the chromosomes (染 色体).They form caps at the
ends of the chromosomes and keep the genetic material together. Shortening with each cell
division, they help determine how fost a cell ages. When they become too short, the cell
stops dividing altogether. This isn't the only reason a cell can age- there are other stresses
on cells we don't yet understand very well- but short telomeres are one of the major
reasons human cells grow old. We've devoted most of our careers to studying telomeres,
and one extraordinary discovery from our labs is that telomeres can actually lengthen.
Scientists have learned that several thought patterns appear to be unhealthy for
telomeres, and one of them is cynical hostility. Cynical hostility is defined by high anger
and frequent thoughts that other people cannot be trusted. Someone with hostility doesn't
just think, 4tI hate to stand in long lines^^; they think, ''Others deliberately sped up and beat
me to my rightful position in the line!”- and then get violently agitated. People who score
high on measures of cynical hostility tend to get more heart disease, metabolic disease and
often die at younger ages. They also have shorter telomeres. In a study of British civil
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第5 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 112 -----
servants, men who scored high on measures of cynical hostility had shorter telomeres than
men whose hostility scores were low. The most hostile men were 30% more likely to have
short telomeres.
What this means: aging is a dynamic process that could possibly be accelerated or
slowed- and, in some aspects, even reversed. To an extent, it has surprised us and the rest
of the scientific community that telomeres do not simply carry out the commands issued by
your genetic code. Your telomeres are listening to you. The foods you eat, your response to
challenges, the amount of exercise you get, and many other factors appear to influence your
telomeres and can prevent premature aging at the cellular level. One of the keys to enjoying
good health is simply doing your part to foster healthy cell renewal.
46. What have scientists come to know better today?
A) Why people age at different rates.
B) How genes influence the aging process.
C) How various genes express themselves in aging.
D) Why people have long been concerned about aging.
47. Why are some lifestyle factors considered extremely important?
A) They may shorten the process of cell division.
B) They may determine how genes function.
C) They may affect the lifespan of telomeres.
D) They may account for the stresses on cells.
48. What have the author and his colleagues discovered about telomeres?
A) Their number affects the growth of cells.
B) Their length determines the quality of life.
C) Their shortening process can be reversed.
D) Their health impacts the division of cells.
49. What have scientists learned about cynical hostility?
A) It may lead to confrontational thought patterns.
B) It may produce an adverse effect on telomeres.
C) It may cause people to lose their temper frequently.
D) It may stir up agitation among those in long lines.
50. What do we learn from the last paragraph about the process of aging?
A) It may vary from individual to individual.
B) It challenges scientists to explore further.
C) It depends on one's genetic code.
D) It may be controlled to a degree.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Scientists have created by accident an enzyme (酶)that breaks down plastic drinks
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第6 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 113 -----
bottles. The breakthrough could help solve the global plastic pollution crisis by enabling for
the first time the full recycling of bottles.
The new research was spurred by the discovery in 2016 of the first bacterium that had
naturally evolved to eat plastic at a waste dump in Japan. Scientists have now revealed the
detailed structure of the crucial enzyme produced by the bug.
An international team then adjusted the enzyme to see how it had evolved, but tests
showed they had accidentally made the molecule even better at breaking down the plastic
used fbr drinks bottles. t4What actually turned out was we improved the enzyme, which was
a bit of a shock,“ said head researcher Prof. McGeehan, at the University of Portsmouth,
UK.
Currently, the enzyme takes a few days to start breaking down the plastic, far faster
than the centuries it takes in the oceans, but the researchers are optimistic this can be
speeded up even further and become a viable large-scale process.
“What we are hoping to do is use this enzyme to turn this plastic back into its original
components, so we can literally recycle it back to plastic,“ said McGeehan. "It means we
won't need to dig up any more oil and, fundamentally, it should reduce the amount of
plastic in the environment.^^
About 1 million plastic bottles are sold each minute around the globe and, with just
14% recycled, many end up in the oceans where they have polluted even the remotest parts,
harming marine life and potentially people who eat sea food. ''Plastic is incredibly resistant
to degradation,said McGeehan. 4tIt is one of these wonder materials that has been made a
little bit too well.^^
Currently those bottles that are recycled can only be turned into opaque fibres for
clothing or carpets, while the new enzyme indicates a way to recycle old clear plastic
bottles back into new clear plastic bottles.
“You are always up against the fact that oil is cheap, so plastic is cheap,“ said
McGeehan. "It is so easy for manufacturers to generate more of that stuff, rather than even
try to recycle, but I believe there is a public interest here: perception is changing so much
that companies are starting to look at how they can properly recycle these bottles.^^
Prof. Adisa Azapagic, at the University of Manchester in the UK, agreed the enzyme
could be useful but added: "A full life-cycle assessment would be needed to ensure that the
technology does not solve one environmental problem- waste- at the expense of others,
including additional greenhouse gas emissions.
51. What do we learn from the passage about an enzyme scientists have created?
A) It was identified during a lab experiment accident.
B) It may make full recycling of plastic bottles a reality.
C) It was a breakthrough made with persistent efforts.
D) It may initiate a radical reform in plastic industry.
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第7 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 114 -----
52. What does the passage say about the bug that produces the important enzyme?
A) It has a natural ability to consume plastics.
B) It is a bacterium that reproduces at a high rate.
C) It is essential to the recycling of plastic bottles.
D) It has a chemical structure unknown to scientists.
53. By adjusting the enzyme produced by the bug, the scientists 
.
A) made it more effective by chance
B) discovered an extraordinary chemical
C) altered its basic molecular composition
D) found its evolutionary process sped up
54. What does Prof. McGeehan say about the recycling of plastic bottles?
A) Manufacturers are implementing it on an increasingly larger scale.
B) It generates huge business opportunities for plastic manufacturers.
C) It has aroused persistent interest among the general public.
D) Manufacturers are beginning to explore ways of doing it.
55. What is Prof. Adisa Azapagic's advice concerning the application of the enzyme?
A) Developing technologies to address greenhouse gas emissions.
B) Considering the extra cost involved in producing the enzyme.
C) Assessing its possible negative impact on the environment.
D) Studying the full life cycle of the enzyme as the first step.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
云贵高原(the Yunnan-Guizhou Plateau)大部分位于云南、贵州省境内，总面积约50 万
平方公里，平均海拔2000-4000米，是中国第四大高原。云贵高原西高东低，河流众多，形
成了许多又深又陡的峡谷(canyon)。峡谷中许多地方土壤肥沃，非常有利于多种农作物生长。
云贵高原独特的自然环境造就了生物和文化的多样性。它是中国森林和矿产资源类型十
分丰富的地区，也是古人类起源的重要地区。云贵高原是中国少数民族数量最多的地区，各
民族都保留了自己丰富多彩的文化传统。
2022年12月英语六级真题第3 套第8 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 115 -----
2023年03月大学英语六级考试真题（第1 套）
扫码获音频
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2 0 2 3 年3 月英语六级考试实考1 套听力，1 套阅读理
解，3 套写作与翻译。
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “People are now increasingly aware o f the danger o f 'appearance anx iety' or
being obsessed with one's looks：' You can make comments, cite examples or use your
personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Part I
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) In a restaurant.
B) In a kitchen.
2. A) She eats meat occasionally.
B) She enjoys cheeseburgers.
3. A) Dealing with ones colleagues.
B) Changing ones eating habit.
4. A) They enjoy perfect health.
B) They are both animal lovers.
C) In a food store.
D) In a supermarket.
C) She is allergic to seafood.
D) She is a partial vegetarian.
C) Following the same diet for years.
D) Keeping awake at morning meetings.
C) They only eat organic food.
D) They are cutting back on coffee.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) The man got a poor evaluation from his colleagues.
B) The man made little contribution to the company.
C) The man paid attention to trivial things.
D) The man had an attitude problem.
6. A) They make unhelpful decisions for solving problems.
B) They favor some employees5 suggestions over others\
C) They use manipulative language to mask their irrational choices.
D) They reject employees789 reasonable  arguments for work efficiency.
7. A) It is a must for rational judgment.
B) It is more of a sin than a virtue.
8. A) Smoothing relationships in the workplace.
B) Making rational and productive decisions.
C) It is a good quality in the workplace.
D) It is more important now than ever.
2023年3 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 116 -----
C) Focusing on employees career growth.
D) Preserving their power and prestige.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After
you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They show genius which defies description.
B) They accomplish feats many of us cannot.
C) They create very high commercial value.
D) They bring great honor to their country.
10. A) They take part in kids' extra-curricular activities.
B) They work in spare time to teach children sports.
C) They try to be positive role models to children.
D) They serve as spokespersons for luxury goods.
11. A) Separating an athlete's professional life from their personal life.
B) Preventing certain athletes from getting in trouble with the law.
C) Keeping athletes away from drug or alcohol problems.
D) Being super sports stars without appearing arrogant.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) They always cost more than expected.
B) They are joyous and exciting occasions.
C) They should be paid up by the attendees.
D) They are dreams coming true to the brides.
13. A) It cost $ 60,000.
B) It was cancelled.
14. A) Postpone her wedding.
B) Ask her friends for help.
15. A) She called it romantic.
B) She welcomed it with open arms.
C) It had eight guests only.
D) It was held in Las Vegas.
C) Keep to her budget.
D) Invite more guests.
C) She said she would think about it.
D) She rejected it flatly.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by
three or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question,
you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark
the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It detemiines people's moods. 
C) It is closely related to people's emotions.
2023年3 月英语六级真题第1 套第2 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 117 -----
B) It can impact people's wellbeing. 
D) It can influence people's personalities.
17. A) They make people more reproductive.
B) They increase people's life expectancy.
C) They tend to produce positive feelings.
D) They may alter people's genes gradually.
18. A) The link between temperature and personality is fairly weak.
B) People share many personality traits despite their nationalities.
C) People in the same geographical area may differ in personality.
D) The Americans are apparently more outgoing than the Chinese.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) The number of older Americans living alone is on the rise.
B) Chronic loneliness does harm to senior citizens in particular.
C) Correlations have been found between loneliness and ill health.
D) A growing number of US seniors face the risk of early mortality.
20. A) Medication is available for treating loneliness.
B) Loneliness rarely results from living alone.
C) Being busy helps fight loneliness.
D) Loneliness is probably reversible.
21. A) Living with one's children. 
C) Meaningful social contact.
B) Meeting social expectations. 
D) Timely medical intervention.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) She had a successful career in finance.
B) She wrote stories about women travelers.
C) She made regular trips to Asian countries.
D) She invested in several private companies.
23. A) Buy a ranch. 
C) Travel round the world.
B) Start a blog. 
D) Set up a travel agency.
24. A) Work hard to attract attention from publishers.
B) Gain support from travel advertising companies.
C) Try to find a full-time job in the travel business.
D) Create something unique to enter the industry.
25. A) Attracting sufficient investment.
B) Creating an exotic corporate culture.
C) Avoiding too much advertising early on.
D) Refraining from promoting similar products.
2023年3 月英语六级真题第1 套第3 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 118 -----
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Unthinkable as it may be, humanity, every last person, could someday be wiped from
the face of the Earth. We have learned to worry about asteroids ( 小行星) and super
volcanoes, but the more likely 
26 
, according to Nick Bostrom, a professor of
philosophy at Oxford, is that we humans will destroy ourselves.
Professor Bostrom, who directs Oxford's Future of Humanity Institute, has argued
over the course of several papers that human 
27 
risks are poorly understood and,
worse still, 
28 
underestimated by society. Some of these existential risks are fairly
well known, especially the natural ones. But others are 
29 
or even exotic. Most
worrying to Bostrom is the subset of existential risks that 
30 
from human technology,
a subset that he expects to grow in number and potency over the next century.
Despite his concerns about the risks 
31 
to humans by technological progress,
Bostrom is no luddite ( 科技进步反对者).In fact, he is a longtime 
32 
of
trans-humanism- the effort to improve the human condition, and even human nature
itself,through technological means. In the long run he sees technology as a bridge, a bridge
we humans must cross with great care, in order to reach new and better modes of being. In
his work, Bostrom uses the tools of philosophy and mathematics, in 
33 
, probability
theory, to try and determine how we as a 
34 
might achieve this safe passage. What
follows is my conversation with Bostrom about some of the most interesting and worrying
existential risks that humanity might 
35 
in the decades and centuries to come, and
about what we can do to make sure we outlast them.
A) advocate
I) particular
B) arise
J) posed
C) emphasized
K) scenario
D)encounter
L) severely
E) essential
M) shrewdly
F) evaporation
N) species
G) extinction
O) variety
H) obscure
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
2023年3 月英语六级真题第1 套第4 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 119 -----
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
San Francisco Has Become One Huge Metaphor for Economic Inequality in America
A) The fog still chills the morning air and the cable cars still climb halfway to the stars. Yet
on the ground, the Bay area has changed greatly since singer Tony Bennet left his heart
here. Silicon Valley and the tech industry have led the region into a period of
unprecedented wealth and innovation. But existing political and land limits have caused
an alarming housing crisis and astronomical rise in social and economic difference.
B) While the residents of most cities display pride and support for their home industries,
drastic market distortions in the San Francisco Bay Area have created boiling
resentment in the region towards the tech industry. A vocal minority is even calling on
officials to punish those who are benefitting from the economic and housing boom. If
this boom and its consequences are not resolved, a drastic increase in social and
economic difference may have a profound impact on the region for generations. A
history and analysis of this transformation may hold invaluable insights about the
opportunities. Perils of tech cities are currently being cultivated across the US, and
indeed around the world.
C) According to a recent study, San Francisco ranks first in California for economic
difference. The average income of the top 1% of households in the city averages $3.6
million. This is 44 times the average income of those at the bottom, which stands at
$81,094. The top 1% of the San Francisco peninsula's share of total income now
extends to 30.8% of the region's income. This was a dramatic jump from 1989, where it
stood at 15.8%.
D) The region's economy has been fundamentally transformed by the technology industry
springing from Silicon Valley. Policies pushed by Mayor Ed Lee provided tax breaks
for tech companies to set up shop along the city's long-neglected Mid-Market area.
The city is now home to Twitter, Uber, Airbnb, Pinterest, Dropbox and others. In short,
the Bay Area has become a global magnet for those with specialized skills, which has
in turn helped fuel economic enthusiasm, and this economic growth has reduced
unemployment to 3.4%, an admirable feat.
E) In spite of all that, the strength of the recent job growth, combined with policies that
have traditionally limited housing development in the city and throughout the peninsula,
did not help ease the affordability crisis. In 2015 alone, the Bay Area added 64,000 in
jobs. In the same year, only 5,000 new homes were built.
F) With the average house in the city costing over $1.25 million and average flat prices
over $1.11 million, the minimum qualifying income to purchase a house has increased
to $254,000. Considering that the average household income in the city currently stands
at around $80,000, it is not an exaggeration to say that the dream of home ownership is
now beyond the grasp of the vast majority of today's people who rent.
G) For generations, the stability and prosperity of the American middle class has been
anchored by home ownership. Studies have consistently shown that the value of land
has overtaken overall income growth, thus providing a huge advantage to property
owners as a vehicle of wealth building. When home prices soar above the reach of
most households, the gap between the rich and the poor dramatically increases.
H) If contributing factors leading to housing becoming less than affordable are not resolved
over multiple generations, a small elite will control a vast share of the country's total
wealth. The result? A society where the threat of class warfare would loom large. A
2023年3 月英语六级真题第1 套第5 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 120 -----
society's level of happiness is tied less to measures of quantitative wealth and more to
measures of qualitative wealth. This means that how a person judges their security in
comparison to their neighbors' has more of an impact on their happiness than their
objective standard of living. At the same time, when a system no longer provides
opportunities for the majority to participate in wealth building, it not only robs those who
are excluded from opportunities, but also deprives them of their dignity.
I) San Francisco and the Bay Area have long been committed to values which embrace
inclusion and rejection of mainstream culture.To see these values coming apart so
publicly adds insult to injury for a region once defined by its progressive social fabric.
In the face of resentment, it is human to want revenge.But deteriorating policies such as
heavily taxing technology companies or real estate developers are not likely to shift
the balance.
J) The housing crisis is caused by two primary factors: the growing desirability of the Bay
Area as a place to live due to its excellent economy, and our limited housing stock.
Although the city is experiencing an unprecedented boom in new housing, more units
are sorely needed.Protection policies were originally designed to suppress bad
development and boost historic preservation in our urban areas. Now, too many
developers are experiencing excessive delays.Meanwhile, there are the land limitations
of the Bay Area to consider. The region is surrounded by water and mountains. Local
governments need to aid development as well. This means increasing housing density
throughout the region and building upwards while streamlining the approval process.
K) Real estate alone will not solve the problem, of course. Transportation, too, needs to be
updated and infrastructure extended to link distant regions to Silicon Valley and the city.
We need to build an effective high-speed commuting system linking the high-priced
and crowded Bay Area with the low-priced and low-density Central Valley. This would
dramatically reduce travel times. And based on the operating speeds of hovering trains
used in countries such as Japan or Spain, high-speed rail could shorten the time to travel
between San Francisco and California^ capital, Sacramento, or from Stockton to San
Jose, to under 30 minutes. This system would bring once distant regions within
reasonable commute to heavy job centers. The city also needs to update existing
transportation routes combined with smart home-building policies that dramatically
increase housing density in areas surrounding high-speed rail stations. By doing so, we
will be able to build affordable housing within acceptable commuting distances fbr a
significant bulk of the workforce.
L) Our threatening housing crisis forces the difficult question of what type of society we
would 1 汰e to be. Will it be one where the elite command the vast bulk of wealth and
regional culture is defined by an aggressive business world? We were recently treated
to a taste of the latter, when local tech employee Justin Keller wrote an open letter to
the city complaining about having to see homeless people on his way to work.
M) It doesn't have to be this way. But solutions need to be implemented now, before angry
crowds grow from a nuisance to serious concern. It may take less than you might think.
And in fact, the solutions to our housing crisis are already fairly clear. We need to
increase the density of housing units. We need to use existing technology to shorten
travel times and break the land limits. There is a way to solve complex social and
economic problems without abandoning social responsibility. This is the Bay Area's
opportunity to prove that it can innovate more than just technology.
36. The higher rate of employment, combined with limited housing supply, did not make it
2023年3 月英语六级真题第1 套第6 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 121 -----
any easier to buy a house.
37. One way to deal with the housing crisis is for the government to simplify approval
procedures for housing projects.
38. Residents of the San Francisco Bay Area strongly resent the tech industry because of
the economic inequality it has contributed to.
39. The fast rise in the prices of land and houses increases the economic inequality among
people.
40. San Francisco city government offered tax benefits to attract tech companies to
establish operations in a less developed area.
41. Innovative solutions to social and economic problems should be introduced before it is
too late.
42. When people compare their own living standard with others', it has a greater impact on
their sense of contentment.
43. San Francisco has been found to have the biggest income gap in California between the
rich and the poor.
44. Improved transport networks connecting the city to distant outlying areas will also help
solve the housing crisis.
45. Average incomes in the Bay Area make it virtually impossible for most tenant families
to buy a home.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Passage One
The ability to make inferences from same and diflerent, once thought to be unique to
humans, is viewed as a cornerstone of abstract intelligent thought. A new study, however,
has shown that what psychologists call same-different discrimination is present in creatures
generally seen as unintelligent: newborn ducklings (，卜鸭).
The study, published Thursday in Science, challenges our idea of what it means to
have a birdbrain, said Edward Wasserman, an experimental psychologist at the University
of Iowa who wrote an independent review of the study.
“In fact, birds are extremely intelligent and our problem pretty much lies in figuring
out how to get them to 'talk' to us, or tell us how smart they really are,“ he said.
Antone Martinho and Alex Kacelnik, co-authors of the new paper, devised a clever
experiment to better test bird intelligence.
First, they took 1-day-old ducklings and exposed them to a pair of moving objects.
The two objects were either the same or diflerent in shape or color. Then they exposed each
duckling to two entirely new pairs of moving objects.
The researchers found that about 70% of the ducklings preferred to move toward the
2023年3 月英语六级真题第1 套第7 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 122 -----
pair of objects that had the same shape or color relationship as the first objects they saw. A
duckling that was first shown two green spheres, in other words, was more likely to move
toward a pair of blue spheres than a mismatched pair of orange and purple spheres.
Ducklings go through a rapid learning process called imprinting shortly after
birth- it's what allows them to identify and follow their mothers.
These findings suggest that ducklings use abstract relationships between sensory
inputs like color, shape, sounds and odor to recognize their mothers, said Dr. Kacelnik.
By studying imprinting, the authors of this study have shown for the first time that an
animal can learn relationships between concepts without training, said Jeffrey Katz, an
experimental psychologist at Auburn University who was not involved in the study.
Previous studies have suggested that other animals, including pigeons, dolphins,
honeybees and some primates (灵长类动物)，can discern same from different, but only
after extensive training.
Adding ducklings to the list~~particularly untrained newborn ducklings- suggests that
the ability to compare abstract concepts “is far more necessary to a wider variety of animals'
survival than we previously thought,Dr. Martinho said.He believes the ability is so crucial
because it helps animals consider context when identifying objects in their environment.
Ifs clear from this study and others like it that “animals process and appreciate far more
of the intricacies in their world than we've ever understood,Dr. Wasserman said. "We are in
a revolutionary phase in terms of our ability to understand the minds of other animals.
46. In what way were humans thought to be unique?
A) Being a major source of animal intelligence.
B) Being the cornerstone of the creative world.
C) Being capable of same-different discrimination.
D) Being able to distinguish abstract from concrete.
47. What do we learn from the study published in Science?
A) Our understanding of the bird world was biased.
B) Our conception of birds5 intelligence was wrong.
C) Our communication with birds was far from adequate.
D) Our knowledge about bird psychology needs updating.
48. What did the researchers discover about most ducklings from their experiment?
A) They could associate shape with color.
B) They reacted quickly to moving objects.
C) They preferred colored objects to colorless ones.
D) They could tell whether the objects were the same.
49. What was novel about the experiment in the study reported in Science?
A) The animals used received no training.
B) It used a number of colors and shapes.
C) It was conducted by experimental psychologists.
D) The ducklings were compared with other animals.
2023年3 月英语六级真题第1 套第8 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 123 -----
50. What do we learn from Dr. Wasserman's comment on the study of animal minds at the
end of the passage?
A) It is getting more and more intricate.
B) Research methods are being updated.
C) It is attracting more public attention.
D) Remarkable progress is being made.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
The suggestion that people should aim for dietary diversity by trying to eat a variety
of foods has been a basic public health recommendation for decades in the United States
and elsewhere. Now, however, experts are warning that aiming for a diverse diet may
actually lead to just eating more calories, and, thus, to obesity. One issue is that people
may not interpret “variety“ the way nutritionists intend. This problem is highlighted by
new research conducted by the American Heart Association. Researchers reviewed all the
evidence published related to dietary diversity and saw a correlation between dietary
diversity and a greater intake of both healthy and unhealthy foods. This had implications
for obesity, as researchers found a greater prevalence of obesity amongst people with a
greater dietary diversity.
One author of the new study explained that their findings contradict standard dietary
advice, as most dietary guidelines around the world include a statement of eating a variety
of foods. But this advice does not seem to be supported by science, possibly because there
is little agreement about the meaning of “dietary diversity,which is not clearly and
consistently defined. Some experts measure dietary diversity by counting the number of
food groups eaten, while others look at the distribution of calories across individual foods,
and still others measure how different the foods eaten are from each other.
Although the findings of this new study contradict standard dietary advice, they do not
come as a surprise to all of the researchers involved. Dr. Rao, one of the study authors,
noted that, after 20 years of experience in the field of obesity, he has observed that people
who have a regimented lifestyle and diet tend to be thinner and healthier than people with a
wide variety of consumption. This anecdotal evidence matches the conclusions of the study,
which found no evidence that dietary diversity promotes healthy body weight or optimal
eating patterns, and limited evidence shows that eating a variety of foods is actually
associated with consuming more calories, poor eating patterns and weight gain. Further,
there is some evidence that a greater variety of food options in a single meal may delay
people's feeling of fullness and actually increase how much they eat.
Based on their findings, the researchers endorse a diet consisting of a limited number
of healthy foods such as vegetables, fruits, grains, and poultry. They also recommend that
people simultaneously endeavor to restrict consumption of sweets, sugar and red meat. The
researchers stress, however, that their dietary recommendations do not imply dietary
diversity is never positive, and that, in the past, diversity in diets of whole, unprocessed
food may have actually been very beneficial.
2023年3 月英语六级真题第1 套第9 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 124 -----
51. What has been a standard piece of dietary advice for decades?
A) People should cultivate a healthy eating habit.
B) People should have a well-balanced diet.
C) People should diversify what they eat.
D) People should limit calorie intake to avoid obesity.
52. What did the new research by the American Heart Association find?
A) People seeking dietary diversity tend to eat more.
B) Big eaters are more likely to become overweight.
C) Dietary diversity is positively related to good health.
D) Unhealthy food makes people gain weight more easily.
53. What could help to explain the contradiction between the new findings and the common
public health recommendation?
A) Most dietary guidelines around the world contradict one another.
B) Conventional wisdom about diet is seldom supported by science.
C) The methods researchers use to measure nutrition vary greatly.
D) There is little consensus on the definition of dietary diversity.
54. What did Dr. Rao find after 20 years of research on obesity?
A) Dietary diversity promotes healthy body weight.
B) Eating patterns and weight gain go hand in hand.
C) Diversified food intake may not contribute to health.
D) There is no clear definition of optimal eating patterns.
55. What does the passage say about people who eat a great variety of food?
A) They tend to consume more sweets, sugar and red meat.
B) They don't feel they have had enough until they overeat.
C) They don't have any problems getting sufficient nutrition.
D) They are more likely to eat foods beneficial to their health.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
也塞(Zhang Qian)是中国第一个伟大的探险家。他不畏艰险，克服重重困难，两
次出使西域，开通了中国同西亚和欧洲的通商关系，将中国的丝和丝织品运往西亚
和欧洲，开拓了历史上著名的“丝绸之路同时，他又将西域的风土人情、地理文
化以及特有物种等介绍到中原，极大地开阔了人们的视野。
正如历史学家所指出的那样，如果没有张骞出使西域，就不可能有丝绸之路的
开辟，也就不会有汉朝同西域或欧洲的文化交流。
2023年3 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 0 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 125 -----
2023年03月大学英语六级考试真题（第2 套）
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2023年3 月英语六级考试特殊，本套试题中听力与阅
读题与第1 套完全一致，未重复整理，请知悉。
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence ' People are now increasingly aware o f the challenges in making a decision
when faced with too many c h o ic e s.You can make comments, cite examples or use your
personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
郑和是中国历史上最杰出的航海家，在航海、外交、军事等诸多领域都表现出
非凡的智慧和卓越的才能。他曾七次率领庞大的船队远航，访问了西太平洋和印度
洋的许多国家和地区，加深了中国同东南亚、东非的相互了解。
郑和下西洋对中外的经济和文化交流起到了十分积极的推进作用，也为维护区
域和平做出了巨大贡献。为了永远铭记郑和及其丰功伟绩，7 月1 1 日，即郑和首次
率船队远航启程的日子，被定为中国的航海节。
2023年3 月英语六级真题第2 套第1 页共1 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 126 -----
2023年03月大学英语六级考试真题（第3 套）
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2023年3 月英语六级考试特殊，本套试题中听力与阅
读题与第1 套完全一致，未重复整理，请知悉。
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “People are now increasingly aware o f the 'digitalgap，or challenges the elderly
fa ce in a digital world." You can make comments, give explanations, or cite examples to
develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
徐霞客是中国明代的著名地理学家。他花费了三十多年的时间游遍了大半个中国。他
主要靠徒步跋涉，寻访了许多荒远偏僻的地区。他把自己的见闻和考察结果详细记录下来,
为后人留下了珍贵的考察资料。他通过对许多河流的实地调查,纠正了文献中关于水源的错
误。他还详细地描述了地形、气候等因素对植物的影响，生动地描绘了各地的名胜古迹和
风土人情。他的考察记录由后人整理成了《徐霞客游记》，在国内外产生了广泛的影响。
2023年3 月英语六级真题第3 套第1 页共1 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 127 -----
Part I
2023年06月大学英语六级考试真题（第1 套）
Writing
扫码获音频
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Today there is a growing awareness that mental well-being needs to be given as
much attention as physical health.w You can make comments, cite examples or use your
personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) It was spacious and tranquil. 
C) It was shabby and solitary.
B) It was warm and comfortable. 
D) It was tiny and noisy.
2. A) She no longer hates people talking loudly in the dorm.
B) She misses her roommates she used to complain about.
C) She begins to enjoy the movies she once found irritating.
D) She finds the crowded dorm as cozy as her new apartment.
3. A) He found the apartment perfectly furnished.
B) He had a feeling of despair and frustration.
C) He had a similar feeling to the woman's.
D) He felt the new place was like paradise.
4. A) Go to see the woman's apartment. 
C) Buy some furniture for the woman.
B) Make a phone call to his parents. 
D) Decorate the woman's apartment.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) He works as a literary critic. 
C) He has initiated a university reform.
B) He hosts an educational program. 
D) He has published a book recently.
6. A) It fails to keep up with the radical changes of society.
B) It fails to ensure universities get sufficient resources.
C) It has not prepared young people for the job market.
D) It has not fostered the growth of the arts disciplines.
7. A) More of the budget should go to science and technology.
B) The underfunded music discipline should be prioritized.
C) Subdisciplines like sculpture should get more funding.
D) Literature should get as much funding as engineering.
2023年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 128 -----
8. A) Build a prosperous nation.
B) Make skilled professionals.
C) Create ingenious artists.
D) Cultivate better citizens.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After
you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It is quite common. 
C) It seldom annoys people.
B) It is rarely noticed. 
D) It occurs when one is alone.
10. A) Seeing things in black and white.
B) Engaging in regular contemplation.
C) Having a special understanding of creativity.
D) Knowing how to make their mental batteries work.
11. A) Engaging in intense activity. 
C) Working on a particular project.
B) Fantasizing in one's down time. 
D) Reflecting during one's relaxation.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Farmers helped Native Americans grow crops.
B) There were expansive university campuses.
C) There existed post offices.
D) Migrants found gold there.
13. A) It helped to boost the economy in the American West.
B) It provided job opportunities for many gold seekers.
C) It extended the influence of the federal government.
D) It kept people in the deserts and plains connected.
14. A) It employed Native Americans to work as postmen.
B) It commissioned private wagons to carry the mail.
C) It subsidized the locals who acted as postmasters.
D) It centralized postal services in its remote areas.
15. A) He analyzed interactive maps of mail routes.
B) He read a large collection of books on the topic.
C) He examined its historical trends with data science.
D) He collected data about its impact on local business.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
2023年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第2 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 129 -----
16. A) Higher levels of anxiety may improve people's memory.
B) Some experiences are easier to remember than others.
C) Most people tend to remember things selectively.
D) Simple things may leave a deep impression on one's memory.
17. A) They classified the participants9 mindset.
B) They showed some photos to the participants.
C) They measured the participants5 anxiety levels.
D) They tested the size of the participants' vocabulary.
18. A) Anxiety has become a serious problem for an increasing number of people.
B) Extreme levels of anxiety can adversely affect cognitive performance.
C) People diagnosed with anxiety disorder may forget things selectively.
D) There is no direct correlation between memory and levels of anxiety.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They compare products from different companies before making a choice.
B) They get information from other consumers' postings and comments.
C) They lose patience when their phone call is not promptly answered.
D) They expect to get instantaneous responses to their inquiry.
20. A) Giving them rewards on the spot. 
C) Speaking directly to their emotions.
B) Broadening their scope of interest. 
D) Focusing on the details of the product.
21. A) Change the rules of the game in the market every year.
B) Keep up with the latest technological developments.
C) Learn from technological innovators to do business.
D) Make greater efforts to build up consumers5 confidence.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) People have only one social engagement per week.
B) Working together enhances friend ship.
C) Few people have devoted friends.
D) Friendships benefit work.
23. A) The impact of friends on people's selfesteem.
B) How supportive friends can be in the workplace.
C) How to boost one's sense of value and worthiness.
D) The role of family ties in people's mental well-being.
24. A) They show little interest in their friends' work.
B) They tend to be much more difficult to make.
C) They are more trustworthy and reliable.
D) They increase people's job satisfaction.
25. A) Allow employees to have a flexible work schedule.
B) Encourage employees to be friends with colleagues.
C) Help employees balance work and family responsibilities.
D) Organize activities to nourish friendships outside of work.
2023年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第3 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 130 -----
Part III
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Scientists recently examined studies on dog intelligence and compared them with
research into the minds of other intelligent animals. The researchers found that dogs are
among the more intelligent carnivores (食 肉动物)，social hunters and domestic animals,
but that their intelligence does not 
26 
other intelligent animals in any of those
categories. Though a significant body of research has examined dog cognition 
27 
. the
authors of this new study found little to warrant the 
28 
of work that has been devoted
to the topic.
Stephen Lea, lead author of the new study, argues that many researchers seem to have
designed their studies to 
29 
how clever dogs are, rather than simply to study dogs'
brains. Lea and a colleague examined more than 300 studies of dog cognition, comparing
the studies5 results with those from research into other animals. The researchers made
specific comparisons between the different species in different categories of intelligence.
These comparisons 
30 
that dogs are intelligent, but their intelligence is not as
31 
as some researchers might have believed.
In many areas, though, comparisons were not possible. For example, the researchers
noted that both dogs and cats are known to be able to recognize and 
32 
human voices.
But the investigators could not find any data to indicate which species can remember a
greater number of 
33 
human voices, so it was impossible to compare the two on that
front. However, not all researchers agree 
34 
with the findings of this study. Zachary
Silver, an American researcher, believes the authors of the new study 
35 
the idea that
an excessive amount of research has been devoted to dogs, as the field of dog cognition is
young, and there is much to be learned about how dogs think.
A) affirmed
I) overstated
B) approximately
J) pledge
C) completely
K) previously
D) differentiate
L) prospective
E) distinct
M) prove
F) domain
N) surpass
G) formidable
O) volume
H) outperformed
2023年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第4 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 131 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
The lifesaving power of gratitude
A) Gratitude may be more beneficial than we commonly suppose. One recent study asked
participants to write a note of thanks to someone and then estimate how surprised and
happy the recipient would feel- an impact that they consistently underestimated. Another
study assessed the health benefits of writing thank-you notes. The researchers found that
writing as few as three weekly thank-you notes over the course of three weeks improved
life satisfaction, increased happy feelings and reduced symptoms of depression.
B) While this research into gratitude is relatively new, the principles involved are anything
but. Students of mine in a political philosophy course at Indiana University are reading
Daniel Defbe's 300-year-old Robinson Crusoe, often regarded as the first novel
published in English. Left alone on an unknown island with no apparent prospect of
rescue or escape, Crusoe has much to lament (悲叹).But instead of giving in to despair,
he makes a list of things for which he is grateful, including the fact that he is the sole
survivor from the shipwreck (海难)and has been able to salvage many useful items
from the wreckage.
C) Defbe's masterpiece, which is often ranked as one of the world's greatest novels,
provides a portrait of gratitude in action that is as timely and relevant today as it has
ever been. It is also one with which contemporary psychology and medicine are just
beginning to catch up. Simply put, for most of us, it is far more helpful to focus on the
things in life for which we can express gratitude than those that incline us toward
resentment and lamentation.
D) When we focus on the things we regret, such as failed relationships, family disputes,
and setbacks in career and finance, we tend to become more regretful. Conversely,
when we focus on the things we are grateful for, a greater sense of happiness tends to
spread through our lives. And while no one would argue for cultivating a false sense of
blessedness, there is mounting evidence that counting our blessings is one of the best
habits we can develop to promote mental and physical health.
E) Gratitude has long enjoyed a privileged position in many of the world's cultural
traditions. For example, some ancient Western philosophers counsel gratitude that is
both enduring and complete, and some Eastern thinkers portray it as not merely an
attitude but a virtue to be put into practice.
F) Recent scientific studies support these ancient teachings. Individuals who regularly
engage in gratitude exercises, such as counting their blessings or expressing gratitude to
others, exhibit increased satisfaction with relationships and fewer symptoms of physical
illness. And the benefits are not only psychological and physical. They may also be
moral- those who practice gratitude also view their lives less materialistically and
suffer from less envy.
G) There are multiple explanations for such benefits of gratefulness. One is the fact that
2023年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第5 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 132 -----
expressing gratitude encourages others to continue being generous, thus promoting a
virtuous cycle of goodness in relationships. Similarly, grateful people may be more
likely to reciprocate （回寸艮）with acts of kindness of their own. Broadly speaking, a
community in which people feel grateful to one another is likely to be a more pleasant
place to live than one characterized by mutual suspicion and resentment. The beneficial
effects of gratitude may extend even further. For example, when many people feel good
about what someone else has done for them, they experience a sense of being lifted up,
with a corresponding enhancement of their regard for humanity. Some are inspired to
attempt to become better people themselves, doing more to help bring out the best in
others and bringing more goodness into the world around them.
H） Gratitude also tends to strengthen a sense of connection with others. When people want
to do good things that inspire gratitude, the level of dedication in relationships tends to
grow and relationships seem to last longer. And when people feel more connected, they
are more likely to choose to spend their time with one another and demonstrate their
feelings of affection in daily acts.
I） Of course, acts of kindness can also foster discomfort. For example, if people feel they
are not worthy of kindness or suspect that some ulterior （另4 有 用 心 的）motive lies
behind it, the benefits of gratitude will not be realized. Likewise, receiving a kindness
can give rise to a sense of indebtedness, leaving beneficiaries feeling that they must
now pay back whatever good they have received. Gratitude can flourish only if people
are secure enough in themselves and sufficiently trusting to allow it to do so. Another
obstacle to gratitude is often called a sense of entitlement. Instead of experiencing a
benefaction （善行）as a good turn, people sometimes regard it as a mere payment of
what they are owed, for which no one deserves any moral credit.
J） There are a number of practical steps anyone can take to promote a sense of gratitude.
One is simply spending time on a regular basis thinking about someone who has made a
difference, or perhaps writing a thank-you note or expressing such gratitude in person.
Others are found in ancient religious disciplines, such as reflecting on benefactions
received from another person or actually praying for the health and happiness of a
benefactor. In addition to benefactions received, it is also possible to focus on
opportunities to do good oneself, whether those acted on in the past or hoped for in the
future. Some people are most grateful not for what others have done for them but for
chances they enjoyed to help others. In regularly reflecting on the things in his life he is
grateful for, Defoe's Crusoe believes that he becomes a far better person than he would
have been had he remained in the society from which he originally set out on his voyage.
K） Reflecting on generosity and gratitude, the great basketball coach John Wooden once
offered two counsels to his players and students. First, he said, “It is impossible to have
a perfect day unless you have done something for someone who will never be able to
repay you." In saying this, Wooden sought to promote purely generous acts, as opposed
to those performed with an expectation of reward. Second, he said, “Give thanks fbr
your blessings every day.”
L） Some faith traditions incorporate such practices into the rhythm of daily life. For
example, adherents of some religions offer prayers of thanksgiving every morning
before rising and every night before lying down to sleep. Others offer thanks throughout
the day, such as before meals. Other less frequent special events, such as births, deaths
2023年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第6 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 133 -----
and marriages, may also be heralded by such prayers.
M) When Defoe depicted Robinson Crusoe making thanksgiving a daily part of his island
life, he was anticipating findings in social science and medicine that would not appear
for hundreds of years. Yet he was also reflecting the wisdom of religious and
philosophical traditions that extend back thousands of years. Gratitude is one of the
healthiest and most nourishing of all states of mind, and those who adopt it as a habit
are enriching not only their own lives but also the lives of those around them.
36. It does us far more good to focus on things we can be grateful for than what makes us
sad and resentful.
37. The beneficial impacts of gratitude can extend from individuals to their community and
to the wider society.
38. The participants in a recent study repeatedly underestimated the positive effect on those
who received thank-you notes.
39. Good deeds can sometimes make people feel uncomfortable.
40. People who regularly express gratitude can benefit in moral terms.
41. A basketball coach advocated performing generous acts without expecting anything in
return.
42. More and more evidence shows it makes us mentally and physically healthier to
routinely count our blessings.
43. Of all states of mind, feeling grateful is considered one of the most healthy and
beneficial.
44. The principles underlying the research into gratitude are nothing new at all.
45. Gratitude is likely to enhance one's sense of being connected with other people.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Technology is never a neutral tool for achieving human ends. Technological innovations
reshape people as they use these innovations to control their environment. Artificial
intelligence, fbr example, is altering humanity.
While the term AI conjures up anxieties about killer robots or catastrophic levels of
unemployment, there are other, deeper implications. As AI increasingly shapes the human
experience, how does this change what it means to be human? Central to the problem is a
person's capacity to make choices, particularly judgments that have moral implications.
Aristotle argued that the capacity for making practical judgments depends on regularly
making them-
on habit and practice. We see the emergence of machines as substitute
judges in a variety of everyday contexts as a potential threat to people learning how to
effectively exercise judgment themselves.
In the workplace, managers routinely make decisions about whom to hire or fire and
2023年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第7 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 134 -----
which loan to approve, to name a few. These are areas where algorithmic (算法的)
prescription is replacing human judgment, and so people who might have had the chance to
develop practical judgment in these areas no longer will.
Recommendation engines, which are increasingly prevalent intermediaries in people's
consumption of culture, may serve to constrain choice and minimize luck. By presenting
consumers with algorithmically selected choices of what to watch, read, stream and visit
next, companies are replacing human taste with machine taste. In one sense, this is helpful.
After all, machines can survey a wider range of choices than any individual is likely to have
the time or energy to do on their own.
At the same time, though, this selection is optimizing for what people are likely to
prefer based on what they've preferred in the past. We think there is some risk that people's
options will be constrained by their past in a new and unanticipated way.
As machine learning algorithms improve and as they train on more extensive data sets,
larger parts of everyday life are likely to become utterly predictable. The predictions are
going to get better and better, and they will ultimately make common experiences more
efficient and pleasant.
Algorithms could soon- if they don't already- have a better idea about which show
you'd like to watch next and which job candidate you should hire than you do. One day,
humans may even find a way for machines to make these decisions without some of the
biases that humans typically display.
But to the extent that unpredictability is part of how people understand themselves and
part of what people like about themselves, humanity is in the process of losing something
significant. As they become more and more predictable, the creatures inhabiting the
increasingly Ai-mediated world will become less and less like us.
46. What do we learn about the deeper implications of AI?
A) It is causing catastrophic levels of unemployment.
B) It is doing physical harm to human operators.
C) It is altering moral judgments.
D) It is reshaping humanity.
47. What is the consequence of algorithmic prescription replacing human judgment?
A) People lose the chance to cultivate the ability to make practical judgments.
B) People are prevented from participating in making major decisions in the workplace.
C) Managers no longer have the chance to decide which loan to approve.
D) Managers do not need to take the trouble to detennine who to hire or fire.
48. What may result from increasing application of recommendation engines in our
consumption of culture?
A) Consumers will have much limited choice.
B) Consumers will actually enjoy better luck.
C) It will be easier to decide on what to enjoy.
D) Humans will develop tastes similar to machines'.
49. What is Hkely to happen to larger parts of our daily life as machine learning algorithms
improve?
2023年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第8 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 135 -----
A) They will turn out to be more pleasant.
B) They will repeat our past experience.
C) They can be completely anticipated.
D) They may become better and better.
50. Why does the author say the creatures living in the more and more Ai-mediated world
will become increasingly unlike us?
A) They will have lost the most significant human element of being intelligent.
B) They will no longer possess the human characteristic of being unpredictable.
C) They will not be able to understand themselves as we can do today.
D) They will be deprived of what their predecessors were proud of about themselves.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Phonics, which involves sounding out words syllable (音节)by syllable, is the best
way to teach children to read. But in many classrooms, this can be a dirty word. So much so
that some teachers have had to sneak phonics teaching materials into the classroom. Most
American children are taught to read in a way that study after study has found to be wrong.
The consequences of this are striking. Less than half of all American adults were
proficient readers in 2017. American fourth graders rank 15th on the Progress in
International Literacy Study, an international exam.
America is stuck in a debate about teaching children to read that has been going on fbr
decades. Some advocate teaching symbol-sound relationships (the sound k can be spelled as c,
k, ck, or ch ), known as phonics. Others support an immersive approach (using pictures of a
cat to learn the word cat), known as “whole language”. Most teachers today, almost three out
of four according to a survey by the EdWeek Research Centre in 2019, use a mix called
“ balanced literacy^^. This combination of methods is ineffective. "You can't sprinkle in a
little phonics,says Tenette Smith, executive director of elementary education and reading at
Mississippi's education department. 44It has to be systematic and explicitly taught.”
Mississippi, often behind in social policy, has set an example here. In a state once
notorious for its low reading scores, the Mississippi state legislature passed new literacy
standards in 2013. Since then Mississippi has seen remarkable gains. Its fourth graders have
moved from 49th (out of 50 states) to 29th on the National Assessment of Educational
Progress, a nationwide exam. In 2019 it was the only state to improve its scores. For the
first time since measurement began, Mississippi's pupils are now average readers, a
remarkable achievement in such a poor state.
Mississippi's success is attributed to implementing reading methods supported by a
body of research known as the science of reading. In 1997 Congress requested the National
Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the Department of Education to
convene a National Reading Panel to end the "reading wars“ and synthesize the evidence.
The panel found that phonics, along with explicit instruction in phonemic (音位的)
awareness, fluency and comprehension, worked best.
Yet over two decades on, ''balanced literacy^^ is still being taught in classrooms. But
advances in statistics and brain imaging have disproved the whole-language method. To the
2023年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第9 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 136 -----
teacher who is a proficient reader, literacy seems like a natural process that requires
educated guessing, rather than the deliberate process emphasized by phonics. Teachers can
imagine that they learned to read through osmosis (潜移默化)when they were children.
Without proper training, they bring this to classrooms.
51. What do we learn about phonics in many American classrooms?
A) It is ill reputed. 
C) It is arbitrarily excluded.
B) It is mostly misapplied. 
D) It is misrepresented.
52. What has America been witnessing fbr decades?
A) An obsession with innovating teaching methodologies of reading.
B) An enduring debate over the approach to teaching children to read.
C) An increasing concern with many children's inadequacy in literacy.
D) An ever-forceful advocacy of a combined method for teaching reading.
53. Why does Tenette Smith think a combination of teaching methods is ineffective?
A) Elementary school children will be frustrated when taught with several methods combined.
B) Phonics has to be systematically applied and clearly taught to achieve the desired effect.
C) Sprinkling in a little phonics deters the progress of even adequately motivated children.
D) Balanced literacy fails to sustain children's interest in developing a good reading habit.
54. What does the author say Mississippi's success is attributed to?
A) Convening a National Reading Panel to synthesize research evidence.
B) Placing sufficient emphasis upon both fluency and comprehension.
C) Adopting scientifically grounded approaches to teaching reading.
D) Obtaining support from Congress to upgrade teaching methods.
55. What have advances in statistics and brain imaging proved ineffective?
A) The teaching of symbol-sound relationships.
B) Explicit instruction in phonemic awareness.
C) Efforts to end the reading wars.
D) The immersive approach.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
近年来，越来越多的中国文化产品走向全球市场，日益受到海外消费者的 青睐。随着
中国对外文化贸易的快速发展，中国文化产品出口额已持续多年位居世界前列，形成了一批
具有国际影响力的文化企业、产品和品牌。数据显示，中国的出版物、影视作品、网络文学
与动漫作品等在海外的销售量连年攀升。中国政府出台了一系列政策鼓励和支持更多具有中
国元素的优秀文化产品走出国门，扩大海外市场份额，进一步提升中国文化的世界影响力。
2023年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 0 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 137 -----
Part I
2023年06月大学英语六级考试真题（第2 套）
Writing
扫码获音频
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “When faced with differing opinions, we should try to reach agreement through
friendly discussion and reasonable argument.w You can make comments, cite examples or use
your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Part II
Section A
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) She is attracted to the beauty of modem buildings.
B) She is preoccupied with her dream to be an architect.
C) She is influenced by her father who teaches architecture.
D) She is drawn to its integration of design and engineering.
2. A) Through hard work.
B) With the professor's help.
3. A) It is groundbreaking.
B) It is long-lasting.
4. A) Economics.
B) Philosophy.
C) By studying the subject online.
D) By taking prerequisite courses.
C) It is immaterial.
D) It is immortal.
C) Computer science.
D)Westem art.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) He has occasionally been harassed by his fans.
B) He has been guarded by a discreet assistant.
C) He is well known to the public.
D) He is a famous football coach.
6. A) Serve as a personal assistant. 
C) Run common daily chores for the woman.
B) Play a key role in Real Madrid. 
D) Help promote Mr. Sanchez ?s public profile.
7. A) He is honest and always tells the truth.
B) He once worked part-time in university.
C) He cares little about his working hours.
D) He has little previous work experience.
8. A) He has a strong ability to connect with people.
B) He has a high proficiency in several languages.
C) He has a sound knowledge of sports consultancy.
2023年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第1 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 138 -----
D) He has a natural capacity to cooperate with others.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After
you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They bring more benefits to young people.
B) They require less supervision and training.
C) They are more suitable to young people.
D) They have fewer rules and pressures.
10. A) They prevent kids from enjoying adventure sports.
B) They help kids guard against any possible injuries.
C) They rob kids of the chance to cultivate their courage.
D) They deprive kids of the opportunity to develop team spirit.
11. A) Help them take up these sports when they are more mature.
B) Let them participate in some less risky outdoor activities.
C) Ask them to try some forms of indoor sports.
D) Introduce them to these sports step by step.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Consumers often have a craving for the latest model.
B) Such products tend to comprise parts that are irreplaceable.
C) Tech firms intentionally design products to have short lifespans.
D) Manufacturers use effective strategies to promote fancier products.
13. A) Indicate the competitiveness of their products.
B) List a repairability score of their products.
C) Specify the major parts of their products.
D) Detail the life cycle of their products.
14. A) Take the initiative to reduce electronic waste.
B) Take due caution in upgrading their products.
C) Invest in constructing more recycling facilities.
D) Substitute all toxic substances with non-toxic ones.
15. A) It can be solved. 
C) It will be fixed by tech companies.
B) It is certain to worsen. 
D) It is unavoidable in the long run.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
2023年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第2 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 139 -----
16. A) How internet monitoring can be implemented.
B) How to encourage productive internet surfing.
C) How cyberloafing affects overall productivity.
D) How to prevent employees from cyberloafing.
17. A) Cyberloafing is a sign of workers? laziness.
B) Cyberloafing may relieve employees of stress.
C) Employee engagement is closely related to job satisfaction.
D) Overuse of social media may lead to decline in productivity.
18. A) Taking mini-breaks means better job performance.
B) Cyberloafing generally does more harm than good.
C) Worker turnover is linked to the time allowed for cyberloafing.
D) Employees who indulge in internet surfing are most likely to quit.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) There were no wooden buildings. 
C) There were no trees.
B) There were environmental problems. D) There were few settlers.
20. A) He served as chairman of the Nebraska State Board of Agriculture.
B) He urged the state to start the Nebraska State Gardening Society.
C) He engaged himself in a large number of aesthetic projects.
D) He founded a newspaper and used it to promote his ideas.
21. A) A special prize was awarded to Julius Morton.
B) One million trees were planted throughout Nebraska.
C) The state government declared it the official Arbor Day.
D) Nebraska earned the nickname “the Tree Planters State”.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) They spread across Europe and Asia in a few decades.
B) They lived mostly in Africa for about 200,000 years.
C) They preferred to live in Europe rather than in Asia.
D) They moved out of Africa about 60,000 years ago.
23. A) The discovery of two modem human teeth in China.
B) The traces of human migration out of Africa to Asia.
C) The human fossils discovered most recently in Africa.
D) The Luna cave in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region.
24. A) There must have been some reason fbr human migration.
B) There have been changes in animals5 living conditions.
C) Humans adapted themselves to the environment there.
D) Humans had access to abundant food sources there.
25. A) How humans settled down on the Arabian Peninsula.
B) When modem humans started to disperse out of Africa.
C) What path modem humans took to migrate out of Africa.
D) Why fresh water is so important fbr human survival.
2023年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第3 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 140 -----
Part III
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions; In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Imagine sitting down to a big dinner: a massive steak, a large portion of fried potatoes,
and cake for dessert. After eating so much, you should be too full to eat another bite. But
some people experience a powerful urge to keep eating, even after 
26 
in a huge meal,
a behavior that makes little sense, as most adults are well-versed in the dangers of obesity,
which researchers have shown correlates with 
27 
health issues and is even linked to
increased 
28 
risk. But some people still keep eating long after they should stop, a
phenomenon Dr. Susan Thompson calls ''insatiable ( 永不满足的) hunger." It is
characterized by two main 
29 
: not being satisfied by eating, and having a desire to
stay sedentary (久坐不动的).
This is at 
30 
with how humans are biologically programmed. When there was a
great deal of food available, ancient people would gorge on calories; this massive calorie
intake was accompanied by an urge to get active. Humans were also programmed for
something called “compensation,“ which is the brain's 
31 
mechanism for preventing
the accumulation of excess weight. With compensation, if you eat one large meal in the
morning, you are naturally 
32 to eat less for the rest of the day.
But recent studies show that 70% of American adults have lost the ability to naturally
compensate fbr the calories they consume; worse 
33 
a significant number of them
report 
34 
hunger halfway through an eating session, but by the end of the meal, they
feel the same or higher levels of hunger than when they sat down. Dr. Thompson argues
that the main cause of this phenomenon is the modem diet, which is 
35 
of food high
in sugar, carbohydrates and calories.
A) attributes
I) innumerable
B) comprised
J) mortality
C)conceded
K) odds
D) conservation
L) plights
E) diminishing
M) regulatory
F) far
N) still
G) inclined
O) unmatchable
H) indulging
2023年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第4 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 141 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
The problem with being perfect
A) When psychologist Jessica Pryor lived near an internationally renowned university, she
once saw a student walking into a library holding a sleeping bag and a coflee maker.
She has heard of graduate students spending 12 to 18 hours at a time in the lab. Their
schedules are meant to be literally punishing: If they are scientists-in-training, they
won't allow themselves to watch Netflix until their experiments start generating results.
''Relationships become estranged ( 疏远的)一people stop inviting them to social
gatherings or dinner parties, which leads them to spend even more time in the lab,“
Pryor told me.
B) Along with other therapists, Pryor, who is now with the Family Institute at
Northwestern University, is trying to sound the alarm about a tendency among young
adults and college students to strive for perfection in their work- sometimes at any cost.
Though it is often portrayed as a positive trait, Pryor and others say extreme
perfectionism can lead to depression, anxiety, and even suicide.
C) Whafs more, perfectionism seems to be on the rise. In a study of thousands of
American, Canadian, and British college students published earlier this year, Thomas
Curran of the University of Bath and Andrew Hill of York St. John University found
that today 5s college students report higher levels of perfectionism than college students
did during the 1990s or early 2000s. They measured three types of perfectionism:
seli-oriented, or a desire to be perfect; socially prescribed, or a desire to live up to
others' expectations; and other-oriented, or holding others to unrealistic standards. From
1989 to 2016, they found, self-oriented perfectionism scores increased by 10 percent,
socially prescribed scores rose by 33 percent, and other-oriented perfectionism
increased by 16 percent.
D) A person living with an other-oriented perfectionist might feel criticized by the
perfectionist spouse for not doing household chores exactly the “right" way. "One of the
most common things couples argue about is the proper way of loading the dishwasher,
says Amy Bach, a psychologist in Providence, Rhode Island.
E) Curran describes socially prescribed perfectionism as “My self-esteem is contingent on
what other people think." His study didn't examine the causal reasons for its rise, but he
assumes that the rise of both standardized testing and social media might play a role.
These days, Linkedln alerts us when our rival gets a new job, and Instagram can let us
know how well “liked“ our lives are compared with a friend5s. In an opinion piece
earlier this year, Curran and Hill argue that society has also become more dog-eat-dog.
“Over the last 50 years, public interest and civic responsibility have been progressively
eroded,they write, ''replaced by a focus on self-interest and competition in a
supposedly free and open marketplace.We strive for perfection, it seems, because we
feel we must in order to get ahead. Michael Brustein, a clinical psychologist in
Manhattan, says when he first began practicing in 2007, he was surprised by how
prevalent perfectionism was among his clients, despite how little his graduate training
2023年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第5 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 142 -----
had focused on the phenomenon. He sees perfectionism in, among others, clients who
are entrepreneurs, artists, and tech employees. "You're in New York because you're
ambitious, you have this need to strive,he says. "But then your whole identity gets
wrapped into a goal.”
F) Perfectionism can, of course, be a positive force. Think of professional athletes, who
train aggressively for ever-higher levels of competition. In well-adjusted perfectionism,
someone who doesn't get the gold is able to forget the setback and move on. In
maladaptive ( 不 当的)perfectionism, meanwhile, people make an archive of all their
failures. They revisit these archives constantly, thinking, as Pryor puts it, “I need to
make myself feel terrible so I don't do this again.5, Then they double down, "raising the
expectation bar even higher, which increases the likelihood of defeat, which makes you
self^critical, so you raise the bar higher, work even harder,“ she says. Next comes
failure, shame, and pushing yourself even harder toward even higher and more
impossible goals. Meeting them becomes an “all or nothing“ premise. Pryor offered this
example: "Even if I'm an incredible attorney, if I don't make partner in the same pacing
as one of my colleagues, clearly that means I'm a failure.
G) Brustein says his perfectionist clients tend to devalue their accomplishments, so that
every time a goal is achieved, the high lasts only a short time, like “a gas tank with a
hole in it." If the boss says you did a great job, ifs because he doesn't know anything. If
the audience likes your work, thafs because it's too stupid to know what good art
actually is. But, therapists say, there are also different ways perfectionism manifests.
Some perfectionists are always pushing themselves forward. But others actually fall
behind on work, unable to complete assignments unless they are, well, perfect. Or they
might handicap their performance ahead of time. They5re the ones partying until 2 a. m.
the night before the final, so that when the grade C rolls in, there's a ready excuse.
H) While educators and parents have successfully convinced students of the need to be
high performing and diligent, the experts told me, they haven ?t adequately prepared
them for the inevitability of failure. Instead of praises like "You're so smart,“ parents
and educators should say things like “You really stuck with it,“ Pryor says, to
emphasize the value of perseverance over intrinsic talent. Pryor notes that many of her
clients are wary she511 "turn them into some degenerate couch potato and teach them to
be okay with it." Instead, she tries to help them think through the parts of their
perfectionism they'd like to keep, and to lose the parts that are ruining their lives.
I) Bach, who sees many students from Brown University, says some of them don't even
go out on weekends, let alone weekdays. She tells them, uAim high, but get comfortable
with good enough.W hen they don't get some award, she encourages them to
remember that “one outcome is not a basis fbr a broad conclusion about the person's
intelligence, qualifications, or potential fbr the future.95
J) The treatment for perfectionism might be as simple as having patients keep logs of
things they can be proud 
or having them behave imperfectly in small ways, just to
see how it feels. t4We might have them hang the towels crooked (不正的)or wear some
clothing inside out,“ says Martin Antony, a professor in the department of psychology at
Ryerson University in Toronto.
K) Brustein likes to get his perfectionist clients to create values that are important to them,
then try to shift their focus to living according to those values rather than achieving
specific goals. It's a play on the “You really stuck with it“ message for kids. In other
2023年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第6 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 143 -----
words, it isn't about doing a headstand in yoga class; ifs about going to yoga class in
the first place, because you like to be the kind of person who takes care of herself. But
he warns that some people go into therapy expecting too much- an instant
transformation of themselves from a pathological (病态的)perfectionist to a (still
high-achieving) non-perfectionist. They try to be perfect, in other words, at no longer
being perfect.
36. Socially prescribed perfectionism is described as one's sell-esteem depending on other
people's opinion.
37. Jessica Pryor has learned that some graduate students work such long hours in the lab
that they have little time fbr entertainment or socializing.
38. The author believes perfectionism may sometimes be constructive.
39. It is found that perfectionism is getting more and more prevalent among college
students.
40. Some experts suggest parents and educators should prepare students for failures.
41. Some therapists warn that young adults tend to pursue perfection in their work.
42. Psychologist Amy Bach encourages her students to aim high but be content with
something less than perfect.
43. A clinical psychologist finds perfectionism is widespread among his clients.
44. In trying to overcome perfectionism, some people are still pursuing perfection.
45. In pursuing perfection, some perfectionists fail to complete their tasks on time.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
How on earth did we come to this? We protect our children obsessively from every
harm; we scrutinize every carer, teacher or doctor with whom they come into contact. Yet
despite all this, one group, which in no way has their best interests at heart, has almost
unconstrained access.
We seem to take it fbr granted that advertisers and marketers are allowed to condition
even the youngest children. Before children have even developed a proper sense of their
own identity, or learned to handle money, they're encouraged to associate status and
seli-worth with stuff, and to look to external things such as fame and wealth for validation.
We're turning out little consumers rather than young citizens who will value themselves for
what they contribute to the society in which they live.
We've reached this point so gradually that many of us have never questioned it. It's
crept up on us in the 60 years since advertisers started to target the young and found that
they could recruit them to a commercial assault on their parents. We've come to know it as
“pester power“ or the ability of children to pressure parents to make certain purchases.
Many psychologists, child development experts and educators point to research
2023年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第7 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 144 -----
suggesting that this emerging cradle-to-grave consumerism is contributing to growing rates
of low selfesteem, depression and other forms of mental illness.
Not all psychologists agree. There9re plenty working hand in glove with a
£12bn-a-year industry that has turned the manipulation of adult emotions and desires into an
art form—often literally. Ifs also one thafs forever developing new ways to persuade our
children to desire material possessions, and because of advertisements? viral effect they
only need to infect a few to reach the many. Advertising and marketing can serve a useful
purpose for children. Marketing may help socialize children as consumers, inform them
about products, and help them carve out unique identities as they reach adulthood.
Then, should we ban all advertising aimed at young children? I say yes.
Of course there'll be plenty of objections to an outright ban on advertising to the
under-Ils. There41 be those who argue that would be a breach of freedom of speech and
infringe the rights of corporations to brainwash little children into demanding their products.
Most parents hate what advertising does to their children, but we do have the power to
end it and let our children grow up free from many of the pressures of consumerism until
they're old enough to make their own decisions. And though advertising is only part of an
all-pervasive ( 无处不在的)marketing culture we need to make a start somewhere. Lefs
ban all advertising targeting children of primary school age and younger now.
46. Which group of people does the author say has almost unrestricted access to children?
A) Advertisers. 
B) Carers. 
C) Teachers. 
D) Doctors.
47. What kind of people should we enable children to become according to the author?
A) Those who look to fame and wealth for external and ultimate validation.
B) Those who value themselves because of their contribution to society.
C) Those who associate sell-worth with the ability to handle money.
D) Those who have developed a proper sense of their own identity.
48. Many child development experts and educators call attention to research that suggests?
A) life-long consumerism is causing more and more cases of psychological problems.
B) increasing commercialization of education is eroding many children's self-esteem.
C) the growing desire for wealth is contributing to a rising rate of depression.
D) the craving for purchasing material things is nurtured throughout one's life.
49. What does the author imply about the impact of advertising?
A) It is actually infectious to many rather than a few.
B) It is rooted in our desire for material possessions.
C) It is comparable to that of virus.
D) It is literally limited to children.
50.What is the opponents5 argument against a complete ban on advertising to young children?
A) It would deprive them of the chance to learn about products.
B) It would render them unable to carve out unique identities.
C) It would breach their freedom as would-be consumers.
D) It would violate the rights endowed upon advertisers.
2023年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第8 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 145 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Many oppose workplace surveillance, because of the inherent dehumanizing effect it
has and the relentless pressure it brings. But ifs on the rise around the world as firms look
to become more efficient by squeezing more productivity from their workers. More than
half of companies with over $750m in annual revenue used “non-traditional“ monitoring
techniques on staff last year.
Monitoring employee performance gives firms the ability to assess how their staff are
performing and interacting, which can be good for both the firm and employees themselves.
A growing number of analytics companies offer this service. They gather “data exhausf5
left by employees5 email and instant messaging apps, and use name badges equipped with
radio-frequency identification devices and microphones. These can check how much time
you spend talking, your volume and tone of voice, even if you do not dominate
conversations. While this may sound intrusive, exponents argue that it can also protect
employees against bullying and sexual harassment.
Some of this data analysis can produce unexpected results. For example, it was found
that people who sat at 12-person lunch tables tended to interact, share ideas more and
outperform those who regularly sat at four-person tables, a fact that would probably have
gone undetected without such data analysis.
Over the last few years a Stockholm co-working space called Epicenter has gone much
further and holds popular “chipping parties”, where people can have microchips implanted
in their hands. They can use the implants to access electronically-controlled doors, or
monitor how typing speed correlates with heart rate. Implanted chips may seem extreme,
but it is a relatively small step from ID cards and biometrics to such devices.
As long as such schemes are voluntary, there will probably be a growing number of
convenience-oriented uses so that a substantial number of workers would opt to have a chip
inserted. But if implanted chips are used to reduce slack time or rest breaks, that could
prove to be detrimental. And if surveillance tools take away autonomy, thafs when they
prove most unpopular. A lot depends on how such monitoring initiatives are communicated
and this could prevent possible revolts being staged.
If bosses don't communicate effectively, employees assume the worst. But if they're
open about the information they're collecting and what they're doing with it, research
suggests 46% of employees are generally okay with it. Although many such monitoring
schemes use anonymized data and participation is voluntary, many staffers remain sceptical
and fear an erosion of their civil liberties.
So workplace surveillance could be empowering for staff and useful for companies
looking to become more efficient and profitable. But implemented in the wrong way, it
could also become an unpopular tool of oppression that proves counterproductive.
2023年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第9 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 146 -----
5 l.Why are many people opposed to monitoring employee performance?
A) It puts workers under constant pressure.
B) It is universally deemed anti-human by nature.
C) It does both mental and physical harm to employees monitored.
D) It enables firms to squeeze maximal productivity from employees.
52 .What is the supporters; argument for workplace surveillance?
A) It enables employees to refrain from dominating conversations.
B) It enhances employees5 identification with firms they work in.
C) It can alert employees to intrusion into their privacy.
D) It can protect employees against aggressive behavior.
53 .What does the author want to show by the example of different numbers of people
interacting at lunch tables?
A) Data analysis is key to the successful implementation of workplace surveillance.
B) Analyzing data gathered from workers can yield something unexpected.
C) More workmates sitting at a lunch table tend to facilitate interaction and idea sharing.
D) It is hard to decide on how many people to sit at a lunch table without data analysis.
54 .What does much of the positive effect of monitoring initiatives depend on?
A) How frequently employees are to be monitored.
B) What specific personal information is being excluded.
C) What steps are taken to minimize their detrimental impact.
D) How well bosses make known their purpose of monitoring.
55 .What concern do monitoring initiatives cause among many staffers?
A) They may empower employers excessively.
B) They may erode the workplace environment.
C) They may infringe upon staffers5 entitled freedom.
D) They may become counterproductive in the long run.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
随着中国经济的快速发展和人们生活水平的稳步提高，城市居民对环境和生活品质的要
求越来越高。中国地方政府更加注重公共设施的建设和改进，以更好地满足人们的需求。通
过兴建新的广场、公园和公共绿地或对原有公共场地重新加以规划改造，许多城市为市民提
供了更多休闲和社交的场所。如今，政府出资购置的健身器械和铺设的健身步道在不少城市
随处可见，既明显改善了市民户外活动的条件，又使城市更加美丽。
2023年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第1 0 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 147 -----
2023年06月大学英语六级考试真题（第3 套）
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “It is widely accepted that an important goal of education is to help students learn
how to learn.,, You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to
develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：由于2 0 2 3 年6 月六级考试全国共考了两套听力，本套真
题听力与前两套内容相同，只是选项顺序不同，因此在本套真题中不再重复出现。
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions; In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
You might not know yourself as well as you think. According to a new study, people
are 
26 
accurate judges of only some of their behaviors. While most previous studies
on how well people know themselves have been done on long-term personality traits, this
new study 
27 
how well people understand how they are acting from one moment to
the next. Researchers asked participants to wear audio recorders that automatically 
28
every 9.5 minutes between 7 a.m. and 2 a.m. to record 30 seconds of audio. These
participants were then emailed surveys four times a day asking them to 
29 
how
outgoing, agreeable, or conscientious they were during a particular hour of the day. The
study used data from 248 participants, all of whom answered questions about their behavior
for two 
30 
weeks and wore the audio device for one of those weeks.
Six laboratory assistants rated each participant's audio clips to see how their
observations compared with people's 
31 
of themselves. The six assistants were
generally in agreement with one another about how the people they were observing acted.
Further, participants? ratings of their own behaviors agreed with observers5 for how
outgoing and how conscientious they were being. But the agreement between participants
and outside observers was much smaller for agreeableness. Some of this 
32 
could be
because the observers used only audio clips, and thus could not read 
33 
like body
language, but there are 
34 
other explanations, as people should be able to hear when a
participant is being kind versus being rude. The weak agreement between how participants
thought they were acting and what observers heard could be because people would rather
35 
rude behavior.
2023年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第1 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 148 -----
A) activated
I) probes
B) articulates
J) random
C) assessment
K) recall
D) consecutive
L) relatively
E) cues
M) saturated
F) deny
N) symptoms
G) discrepancy
H) probably
O) terminate
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
Why we need tiny colleges
A) We're experiencing the rebirth of smallness. Farmers markets, tiny homes, and brew
pubs all exemplify our love of smallness. So do charter schools, coffee shops, and local
bookstores. Small is often (but not always) more affordable, healthier, and sustainable,
but its finest characteristic, the one that turns charm into love, is that going small allows
us to be more fully who we are.
B) In higher education the trend is mostly in the opposite direction: Universities with
20,000 or 30,000 students are considered “mid-sized”. The nation's largest university,
Arizona State University, has 80,000 students on campus and aims to enroll another
100,000 students online. At the other end of the spectrum is a handful of colleges that
have fewer than a hundred students on campus and no online courses: colleges such as
Sterling College, Thomas More College of Liberal Arts, and Deep Springs College.
These colleges are so small that they can only be called "tiny.”
C) Tiny colleges focus not just on a young person's intellect, but on the young person as a
whole. Equally important, tiny colleges ask, “How can education contribute to human
flourishing and the well-being of the world?” And they shape a college experience to
address that question. They replace concerns about institutional growth with attention to
the growth of students as fully developed participants in their communities.
D) Fve had the privilege of teaching at three different institutions of higher learning during
my career- a small liberal arts college and two mid-sized public universities. Fve also
been profoundly disappointed in each of these institutions, and in many of my colleagues,
especially when it comes to helping students and preparing them for the many
responsibilities of adulthood. Administrators focus on the business of running a university,
and most faculty focus on their scholarship and teaching their discipline. Little deliberate
2023年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第2 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 149 -----
attention is given to how students mature as individuals and social beings.
E) Having just retired from teaching at a public university, I'm now returning to my
hometown of Flagstaff Arizona, to establish a tiny college- Flagstaff College. Fm
convinced that there's a need fbr another type of education, one devoted to helping
students come into their own and into this beautiful and troubled world. Young people
need an education that will provide them with meaning, hope, courage, and passion, as
well as information and skills. Large institutions, I believe, are particularly ill-suited to
this type of education.
F) There's no "best of9 list when it comes to tiny colleges, at least not yet. But around the
country people are creating new colleges that provide an alternative to small liberal arts
colleges, large public universities, and online education.
G) With only 26 students, Deep Springs is the smallest college in the country and, quite
likely, the most atypical ( NF 典型的).Located on a working cattle ranch on the
California-Nevada border, Deep Springs is a private, residential, two-year college for
men, committed to educating students fbr “a life of service to humanity.^^ Founded by
the electricity tycoon (大亨)L. L. Nunn in 1917, Deep Springs' "curriculum“ revolves
around academics, labor, and self-governance. In addition to their courses, students are
charged with running the 155-acre ranch and overseeing the functioning of the college.
Students chair both the admissions and the curriculum committees.
H) “Living in close community with one's teachers and fellow students, and being forced
to take on adult responsibilities, makes for one's growth as a person/5 says William
Hunt, who graduated last year. t4To exist for very long in a community like that, you
have to get over the question of whether you5 re sufficiently talented or principled and
get started worrying about how you can stretch yourself and your peers, how much you
can manage to learn with them.^^
I) Sterling College, in Craftsbury Common, Vermont, is also very small- fewer than 100
students. Unlike Deep Springs, Sterling focuses its curriculum on environmental and
social justice issues, but like Deep Springs it places a high value on personal
responsibility and manual labor. According to its catalog, a college education at Sterling
combines “rigorous academics, roll-up-your-sleeves challenges, and good old hard work.^^
J) The average tuition at a small liberal-arts college is $30,000 to $40,000 a year, not
including the cost of living on campus, as compared to $8,000 to $10,000 a year for
tuition alone at a public university. Of the tiny colleges, only Deep Springs doesn't
charge tuition or room and board; students pay only fbr books and the cost of traveling
to and from college. If tiny schools are to become a player on the higher education
scene, they will need to find a way to be truly affordable.
K) Doing so may not be that difficult so long as they do not pattern themselves too closely
on existing norms. We've come to believe that a good college should have many
academic programs and excellent facilities, posh (豪华的)dorms, an array of athletic
programs, and a world-class student activity center. Imagine a good college without a
2023年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第3 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 150 -----
climbing wall! We also have accepted the idea that college presidents, and their many
vice-presidents, should be paid like their counterparts in the business world and that
higher education requires an elaborate, up-to-date technology infrastructure. All of this
drives up the cost of education.
L) The “trick“ to making tiny colleges affordable, if thafs the right word, is simplicity. At
its core, education is a human-to-human interaction. Reflecting on his own college
education, President Garfield once commented that an ideal college would consist of
nothing more than the legendary teacher Mark Hopkins on one end of a log and a
student on the other. The economics of a tiny college, in other words, might be similar
to that of a tiny house. Because it is small, a tiny house costs less to build and less to
furnish, insure, and maintain. But the economic benefits of a small house don't end
there. Tiny homes discourage homeowners from buying stuff that they really don't need,
because there ?s no place to put it.
M) I'm a late convert to the idea of tiny colleges, and I fully understand the need for many
diverse types of educational institutions. Academic research and job training are
important, but tiny colleges aren't suited for either. The educational needs of a complex
society are themselves complex, and no single model can meet all of these needs. But
I'm now convinced there's an educational need that's now going almost completely
unmet: namely, the need to help young people transition into adulthood. Tiny colleges
can do this better than any other type of educational institution.
N) The ultimate justification for a tiny college is the conviction that each of us comes into
our full humanity by close interaction with those who know and care for us, and that
one of the basic purposes of higher education is social. Although we give lip service to
the idea that a college education will make us better people, when all's said and done,
we think of higher education primarily in economic terms. We've come to think of
higher education as a means to make a living rather than make a life. We've also come
to see higher education as a private good rather than a public one. Tiny colleges are not
the answer to all of our educational requirements, but they're an answer to one of our
most basic educational necessities; the need to produce thoughtful, engaged, and
compassionate human beings.
36. One tiny American college situated on a cattle farm is devoted to educating students to
serve mankind throughout their lives.
37. Much to the author's disappointment, the three institutions of higher learning where she
taught largely ignore students5 growth as social beings.
38. Tiny colleges must be made affordable in order to play a role in higher education.
39. According to a recent graduate from a tiny college, living together with faculty and
fellow students is conducive to a studenfs growth as a person.
40. Rather than going small, most American universities are trying to go big.
41. In a certain tiny college, rigorous academic work and traditional manual labor are
2023年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第4 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 151 -----
integrated.
42. Tiny colleges focus on educating students to become well-rounded citizens instead of
seeking their own expansion.
43. The essence of education lies in the interaction between people.
44. After her retirement, the author has decided to set up a tiny college in her hometown.
45. Tiny colleges are justified as it is believed that our growth into full humanity comes
through interaction with people near and dear to us.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
If you're someone who has turned to snacking on junk food more in the pandemic (大
流行病) , you're not alone. Investigative reporter Michael Moss says processed food is
engineered to hook you, not unlike alcohol, cigarettes, or other harmful substances. His
2013 book, Salt Sugar Fat, explored food companies5 aggressive marketing of those
products and their impact on our health. In his new book, Hooked, Moss updates the food
giants' efforts to keep us eating what they serve, and how they're responding to complaints
from consumers and health advocates.
Processed food is inexpensive, ifs legal, and ifs everywhere. Companies9 advertising
is cueing us to remember those products and we want those products constantly. So the
food environment is one of those key things that makes food even more problematic for so
many people. Memory, nostalgia (怀 旧)in particular, plays a big role in the foods we crave.
Soda companies discovered that if they put a soda in the hands of a child when they're at a
ball game with their parents, that soda will forever be associated with that joyous moment.
Later in life, when that child wants to experience a joyous moment, they're going to think
of soda. Many people seek comfort in the snacks they remember from childhood.
Moss examines the way companies capitalize on our memories, cravings and brain
chemistry to keep us snacking.
One of the reasons I came to think that some of these food products are even more
powerful, more trouble some than drugs can be is memory. What we eat is all about
memory. And we begin forming memories fbr food at a really early age. And we keep those
memories for a lifetime. Knowing this, the food industry spends lots of time trying to shape
the memories that we have for their products. One of the features of addiction that scientists
studying drug addiction discovered back in the 1990s was that the fester a substance hits
2023年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第5 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 152 -----
the brain, the more apt we are as a result to act impulsively. There 5s nothing faster than food
in its ability to hit the brain. For Moss, this puts the notion of ”宿st fbod“ in an entirely new
light as this isn't limited to fast food chains-
almost 90% of food products in grocery stores
are processed foods. Everything in the industry is about speed, from the manufacturing to
the packaging.
Overall, Moss outlines the industry's dependence on making their products inexpensive,
super delicious, and incredibly convenient for consumers. Now that more and more people
care about what they put in their bodies and are wanting to eat healthier, these companies are
finding it really difficult to meet that new demand because of their own addiction to making
these convenience foods.
46. In what way does Michael Moss think processed food is comparable to alcohol and cigarettes?
A) They are all addictive.
B) They are all necessary evils.
C) They are all engineered to be enjoyed.
D) They are all in increasingly great demand.
47 .What does the author say plays a key role in the foods we crave?
A) The food environment. 
C) Convenience.
B) Aggressive marketing. 
D) Memory.
48 .What do food companies do to capitalize on consumers5 association with their food products?
A) They strive to influence how consumers remember their products.
B) They attempt to use consumers? long-term memories to promote addiction.
C) They try to exploit consumers5 memories for their products as early as possible.
D) They endeavor to find what consumers remember about their products.
49 . How does the food industry operate from manufacturing to packaging, according to Moss?
A) Placing the idea of fast fbod in an entirely new light.
B) Setting no limit to the number of fast fbod chains.
C) Focusing on how quickly the work is done.
D) Prioritizing the quality of their products.
50 .Why are companies finding it difficult to satisfy consumers? demand for healthier food
products?
A) They think speed of production outweighs consumers! health.
B) They believe their industry would perish without fast foods.
C) They have to strike a balance between taste and nutrition.
D) They are hooked on manufacturing convenience foods.
2023年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第6 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 153 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Chimpanzees （，
黑猩猩），human beings' closest animal relatives, share up to 98% of our
genes. Yet humans and chimpanzees lead very different lives. Fewer than 300,000 wild
chimpanzees live in a few forested comers of Africa today, while humans have colonized
every comer of the globe. At more than 7 billion, human population dwarfs that of nearly
all other mammals- despite our physical weaknesses.
What could account for our species5 incredible evolutionary successes?
One obvious answer is our big brains. It could be that our raw intelligence gave us an
unprecedented ability to think outside the box, innovating solutions to thorny problems as
people migrated across the globe.
But a growing number of cognitive scientists and anthropologists （人类学家）are
rejecting that explanation. They think that, rather than making our living as innovators, we
survive and thrive precisely because we don't think fbr ourselves. Instead, people cope with
challenging climates and ecological contexts by carefully copying others.
In a famous study, psychologists Victoria Homer and Andrew Whiten showed two
groups of test subjects—children and chimpanzees—a mechanical box with a treat inside.
In one condition, the box was opaque, while in the other it was transparent. The
experimenters demonstrated how to open the box to retrieve the treat, but they also included
the irrelevant step of tapping on the box with a stick.
Oddly, the children carefully copied all the steps to open the box, even when they
could see that the stick had no practical effect. That is, they copied irrationally: Instead of
doing only what was necessary to get their reward, children slavishly imitated every action
they5 d witnessed.
Of course, that study only included three- and four-year-olds. But additional research
has shown that older children and adults are even more likely to mindlessly copy others'
actions, and infants are less Hkely to over-imitate- that is, to precisely copy even
impractical actions.
By contrast, chimpanzees in the study only over-imitated in the opaque condition. In
the transparent condition- where they saw that the stick was mechanically useless-they
ignored that step entirely. Other research has since supported these findings.
When it comes to copying, chimpanzees are more rational than human children or
adults.
Where does the seemingly irrational human preference fbr over-imitation come from?
Anthropologist Joseph Henrich points out that people around the world rely on technologies
that are often so complex that no one can learn them rationally. Instead, people must learn
them step by step, trusting in the wisdom of more experienced elders and peers.
So the next time you hear someone arguing passionately that everyone should embrace
2023年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第7 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 154 -----
nonconformity and avoid imitating others, you might laugh a little bit. We're not
chimpanzees, after all.
51 .What might explain humans' having the largest population of almost all mammals?
A) They are equipped with raw strength for solving the most challenging problems.
B) They cope with the outside world more effectively than their animal relatives.
C) They possess the most outstanding ability to think.
D) They know how to survive everywhere on earth.
52 .What accounts for humans' evolutionary successes according to a growing number of
cognitive scientists and anthropologists?
A) They are better at innovating solutions.
B) They thrive through creative strategies.
C) They are naturally adaptive to ecological contexts.
D) They meet challenges by imitating others carefully.
53 .What does the author think is odd about the findings of the study by Victoria Homer and
Andrew Whiten?
A) Children irrationally imitated every action of the experimenters.
B) Chimpanzees could tell the transparent box from the opaque one.
C) Chimpanzees could retrieve the treat more quickly than children did.
D) Children omitted the step of tapping on the box with a stick to open it.
54 .What is anthropologist Joseph Henrich's explanation for the human preference for copying?
A) It originates in the rationality of people around the world.
B) It stems from the way people learn complex technologies.
C) It results from people distrusting their own wisdom.
D) It derives from the desire to acquire knowledge step by step.
55 .What point does the author want to emphasize when he says "We're not chimpanzees”?
A) It is arguable whether everyone should avoid imitation.
B) It is characteristic of human beings to copy others.
C) It is desirable to trust in more knowledgeable peers.
D) It is naive to laugh at someone embracing nonconformity.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
近年来，中国城市加快发展，城市人居环境得到显著改善。许多城市努力探索中国特色
的城市高质量发展之路，城市功能不断完善，治理水平明显提高。中国持续开展城市生态修
复和功能修补，全面实施城镇老旧小区改造，大力推进城市园林绿化，消除污染；同时大力
推进城市基础设施体系化建设，开展房屋建筑和市政设施普查以及安全隐患排查整治，努
力为市民创造高品质的生活环境，让城市更美丽、更安全、更宜居。
2023年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第8 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 155 -----
回筋回
2023年12月大学英语六级考试真题（第1 套）
■
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence 44As
is known to all, gaining a sound knowledge of the basics is of vital importance for students to
master an academic subject." You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences
to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear
a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark
the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) It is clear that he is expected to enjoy a healthy life.
B) There is nothing wrong with his digestive system.
C) There is some indication of an issue with his blood circulation.
D) He doesn't know he has long been suffering from poor health.
2. A) Mistaking symptoms of illness for stress.
B) Complaining they are being overworked.
C) Being unaware of the stress they are under.
D) Suffering from illness without recognising it.
3. A) Prescribe some medication for him.
B) Give him another physical check-up.
C) Explain to him the common consequence of stress.
D) Buy some sleeping pills for him from the drugstore.
4. A) It calls fbr responsible management.
B) It proves to be quite profitable.
C) It is remarkably promising.
D) It is full of competition.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) To avoid being in the limelight.
B) To seek medical help for his injury.
C) To pursue a less competitive career.
D) To stay away from his hostile teammates.
6. A) It has ups and downs.
B) It proves rewarding.
C) It does not last long.
D) It is not so profitable.
7. A) He was a financial advisor.
B) He suffered from poor health.
C) He became a basketball coach.
D) He was back in the news.
8. A) Study issues of public health.
B) Alleviate the obesity problem.
C) Raise sufficient public funding.
D) Train young basketball players.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or
four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question,
you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B), C) and D). Then mark the
2023年12月英语六级真题第1 套第1 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 156 -----
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) When she started teaching at Edinburgh University in Scotland.
B) While she was doing her doctoral studies on American Literature.
C) After publishing her first novel Behind the Scenes at the Museum.
D) After winning the 1986 Woman's Own Short Story Competition.
10. A) The themes of love and loss.
B) The code of human behaviour.
C) The sins and flaws of eccentrics.
D) The manners of fashionable circles.
11. A) They are usually ignorant of complex human relations.
B) They successfully imitate the manners of celebrities.
C) They often get rewarded instead of being punished.
D) They are generally looked down upon in society.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) It is what members use to alleviate tension in a team.
B) It is what employers are increasingly seeking after.
C) It is conducive to getting over a recession.
D) It is necessary for learning a new task.
13. A) Make better choices.
B) Follow innovative ideas.
14. A) Workers show more emotional intelligence.
B) Workers use brains more than muscles.
15. A) Leave the group as soon as possible.
B) Anticipate setbacks well in advance.
C) Achieve recognition duly.
D) Accumulate work experience.
C) People usually work flexible hours.
D) People often work in teams.
C) Decide on new priorities speedily.
D) Stick to original goals confidently.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best
answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) What differentiates people from animals.
B) Why philosophers disagree with scientists.
C) Where humans' great cognitive capacity originates.
D) When being creative becomes a biological mandate.
17. A) It is what tells apart two adjacent generations.
B) It is what sharpens our appetite for novelty.
C) It is something only geniuses can achieve.
D) It is something every human being can do.
18. A) It seeks inspiration for novel inventions. C) It uses existing ideas to create new ones.
B) It constantly absorbs new information. 
D) It repeats precedent on a regular basis.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Dogs know when their owners are not feeling well.
B) Dogs have the cognition for telling right from wrong.
C) Dogs have an aptitude for developing skills to interact with humans.
2023年12月英语六级真题第1 套第2 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 157 -----
D) Dogs know when their human companions can no longer stand them.
20. A) They can readily detect different ill smells of viruses.
B) They can easily tell what bacteria cause odor change.
C) They are particularly sensitive to strange smells.
D) They have an extremely powerful sense of smell.
21. A) It can ensure owners suffer fewer chronic diseases.
B) It can benefit owners both physically and mentally.
C) It can reduce owners' risk of getting cancer or diabetes.
D) It can alert owners to the seriousness of their conditions.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Crack down on courses like science, technology, engineering and math.
B) Restrict the ability of creative arts courses to recruit new students.
C) Look at how to reform technical and vocational education.
D) Ensure creative arts students get better value for money.
23. A) Seemingly reasonable. 
C) Extremely irrational.
B) Clearly well-grounded. 
D) Apparently simplistic.
24. A) A high proportion of them haventried to save money.
B) Most of them never hope to buy a house or to retire.
C) Forty percent of them earn less than £25,000 a year.
D) The majority of them have fairly well-paying jobs.
25. A) The context of a bank balance. 
C) The specific degree a student earns.
B) Britain's economy as a whole. 
D) Britain's defective educational system.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through
carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the
corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not
use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Our brains respond to language expressing facts differently than they do to words conveying
possibility, scientists at New York University have recently found. Their work offers new insights
into the impact word choice has on how we 
26 
between statements expressing what is real
versus what is merely possible. The researchers assert their findings are important because we are
presented with false information all the time. Some of this is 
27 
. as is the case with deceptive
advertisements, but the problem is 
28 
by individuals who believe they are sharing correct
information. Thus, it is more important than ever to separate the factual from the possible or merely
29 
in how we communicate. This is especially true as the study makes clear that information
presented as fact 
30 
special responses in our brains, which are distinct from when we process
the same content with clear indicators of 
31 
.
In their new study, the scientists intended to 
32 
how the brain computes possibilities as
expressed by words such as “may,“ “might," and "if." The researchers compared brain responses to
statements expressing factual 
33 
and those expressing possibility. "There is a monster under
2023年12月英语六级真题第1 套第3 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 158 -----
my bed^^ exemplifies a factual statement. "I will stay home,“ is also factual. This is opposed to
statements that express possibility, like “There might be a monster under my bed,^^ or “If it rains, I
will stay home.^^ The results of the study showed that factual language 
34 
a rapid increase in
brain activity, with the brain responding more powerfully and showing more engagement with
factual phrases compared to those communicating possibility. Thus, facts rule when it comes to the
brain. Brain regions involved in processing 
35 
rapidly distinguish facts from possibilities.
Further, these regions respond in a much more robust fashion to factual statements.
A) activated
I) manuscript
B) aggravated
J) marvels
C) ascertain
K) remnants
D) deliberate
L) scenarios
E) differentiate
M) speculative
F) discourse
N) unanimous
G) evokes
0) uncertainty
H) inhibit
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the
information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a
letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
African countries must get smarter with their agriculture
A) On the hills of central Kenya, almost lime-green with the sparkle of tea bushes in the sunlight,
farmers know all about climate change. u The rainy season is no longer predictable,says one.
“When it is supposed to rain it doesn5t, then it all comes at once.^^ Climate change is an issue that
will affect everyone on the planet. For Africans its consequences will be particularly bitter:
whereas other regions were able to grow rich by burning coal and oil, Africa will pay much of the
human price without having enjoyed the benefits. ''Africa only represents 2% of global
greenhouse-gas emissions but it is the continent that is expected to suffer the most from climate
impacts,“ says Mafalda Duarte, who runs the World Bank's $8bn Climate Investment Funds.
B) Although there are huge uncertainties as to the precise impacts of climate change, enough is
known to say that global wanning represents one of the main threats to Africa's prosperity. Parts
of the continent are already wanning much more quickly than the average: temperatures in
southern Africa have increased by about twice the global rate over the past 50 years. Even if the
world were to cut emissions enough to keep global warming below 1.5℃, heat-waves would
intensify in Africa and diseases would spread to areas not currently affected. Farming would also
be hit hard. About 40% of the land now used to grow maize (玉米)would no longer be suitable
for it. Overall, it is estimated that maize yields would fall by 18-22%.
C) Africa is particularly vulnerable, in part because it is already struggling to feed itself and it will
have to vastly increase yields and productivity if it is to put food on the plates of a fast-growing
population, even without climate change. The UN's Food and Agriculture Organisation reckons
that by 2050 global food production would have to rise by about 70% over its level of 2009 to
meet demand from a population that is growing in numbers and appetite. Much of this new
demand will be in Africa. Yet the continent already imports about $50bn-worth of food a year and
that figure is expected to more than double over the next five years. Self-sufficiency is not
2023年12月英语六级真题第1 套第4 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 159 -----
Africa's goal, but the fact that it spends more money importing food than it does buying capital
goods suggests it has room for improvement.
D) Finding out why is not hard. Most farms are tiny, ploughed by hand and reliant on rain. More
than half of Africa's people make their living from farming. Although its total harvest has
climbed over the past few decades, this is mainly because there are more people fanning more
land. But in many places there is no spare land to farm. Plots in Rwanda are so small that you
could fit 250 of them onto the average American farm. And although output per worker has
improved by more than half over the past 30 years in Africa, that is still far behind the 2.5 times
improvement in Asia. Yields of maize are generally less than two tonnes per hectare, a fifth the
level in America.
E) The low productivity of African farmers is reflected in national economic statistics -
despite
absorbing so much labour, farming generates just 15% of GDP. "They can't even feed their
fam ilies,says Jennifer Blanke, a vice-president of the African Development Bank in charge of
agriculture. "Farm productivity hasn't improved in many parts of Africa for 100 years.
F) One reason is that in the first few decades of independence, many African governments neglected
farming as they focused on industrialising their economies. Others damaged it by pushing down the
prices that state monopolies paid for their crops in order to subsidise workers in cities with cheap
food. Ghana taxed cocoa (可可粉)exports so heavily that production collapsed by half between the
1960s and 1980s, despite a jump in the global price of cocoa. Yet over the past two decades or so
governments and donors have begun to look again at farming as a way of providing jobs for the 13
million young people entering the workforce each year. Much of the focus has been on getting
small formers to use fertiliser and, more important, better seeds. The results can be impressive.
Improved varieties of sorghum (高粱)，for instance, can produce a crop that is 40% larger than the
usual variety. Infrastructure is important. A World Bank irrigation project in Ethiopia helped
farmers increase their potato harvest from about 8 tonnes per hectare to 35 tonnes.
G) Better techniques help, too. Small coffee farmers in Kenya are able to increase their incomes by
40% by following a few simple guidelines on caring for their bushes, such as trimming all but
three of their stems. Many of their neighbours do not follow the advice, because it seems
counter-intuitive. More stems ought to lead to more coffee beans, they say. Yet after seeing those
following the advice get bigger harvests for a season or two, many others start doing the same.
H) One way of spreading knowledge is to link farms to big buyers of their harvests. When Diageo, a
British drinks giant, built a brewery in western Kenya, it wanted to use local crops to make a beer
cheap enough to compete with illicit home brew. It organised farmers into groups, improved
supply chains for them to get seeds and fertiliser and then agreed to buy their grain. It now
provides a market to about 17,000 fanners. Across the region it has doubled its use of local raw
material to about 80% over five years, says John O 5Keeffe, who runs its Africa business.
I) An even more important change is the move from traditional farming to building businesses that
can profitably bring technology and investment to small farmers. Taita Ngetich, a young Kenyan,
was studying engineering when he wanted to earn a little money on the side. He scraped together
20,000 Kenyan shillings (about $200) to plant tomatoes. Everything went wrong. The crop was
attacked by pests. "Then there was a massive flood that swallowed all our capital,he says. Mr
Ngetich persevered by looking into buying a greenhouse to protect his plants from bugs and rain.
The cheapest ones cost more than $2,500 each, so he designed his own fbr half the price. Soon
neighbouring farmers started placing orders with him, and now his firm, Illuminum Greenhouses,
has sold more than 1,400 greenhouses that provide livelihoods to about 6,000 people. The
business does not stop there; he also supplies fertiliser, high-quality seedlings and smart sensors
2023年12月英语六级真题第1 套第5 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 160 -----
that increase yields.
J) Aluminum's success shows how technology can help even small farms become more productive.
Because such a large share of Africa's population earns a living from agriculture, even small
improvements in productivity can lift the incomes of millions of people. But over the longer run
small-scale farming can go only so far, especially in the face of climate change and population
pressure.
K) “If we really want to lift people out of poverty we have to finance projects that will get them an
income of at least $100 a month so that they can pay for health care and education,says Mr
Ngetich. ''Projects that give them an extra $2 a month from growing beans or maize aren5t going
to get them there.Getting those big jumps will need better jobs in factories and cities.
36. It is said that agricultural productivity in many African countries has remained low for a century.
37. Building connections between farms and major purchasers of their produce can promote African
farmers5 use of advanced farming techniques.
38. Parts of Africa are getting warmer much faster than the average, with southern Africa witnessing
roughly twice the global warming rate over the last half century.
39. Improved farming practices have enabled Kenyan farmers to increase farm produce remarkably.
40. Africa is especially susceptible to the effects of global warming partly because it has difficulty
feeding its increasing population even without climate change.
41. The use of fertiliser and improved seeds can help Africa9 small farmers impressively increase
crop yields.
42. It has proved even more important to shift from traditional farming to setting up businesses that
can bring technology and investment to small farmers in Africa.
43. Everyone in the world will have to bear the consequences of climate change, especially Africans.
44. Improvement in farm output per worker in Africa falls far short of that in Asia.
45. In the long term, the potential fbr small farms in Africa to increase productivity is quite limited,
especially owing to the warming climate and a growing population.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should
decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through
the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
One of the great successes of the Republican Party in recent decades is the relentless
propagation of a simple formula fbr economic growth: tax cuts.
The formula doesn't work, but that has not affected its popularity. And while the cult of tax cuts
has attracted many critics, it lacks for obvious rivals.
Democratic politicians have tended to campaign on helping people left behind by economic
growth. When Democrats do talk about encouraging economic growth, they often sound like
Republicans.
This is not just a political problem for Democrats; it is an economic problem fbr the United
2023年12月英语六级真题第1 套第6 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 161 -----
States. The nation needs a better story about the drivers of economic growth. The painful lessons of
recent decades point to a promising candidate: higher wages.
Raising the wages of American workers ought to be the priority of economic policymakers.
We'd all be better off paying less attention to quarterly updates on the growth of the nation's gross
domestic product (GDP) and focusing instead on the growth of workers' paychecks.
Set aside, for the moment, the familiar argument for higher wages: fairness. The argument here
is that higher wages can fuel the engine of economic growth.
Perhaps the most famous illustration of the benefits is the story of Henry Ford's decision in
1914 to pay $5 a day to workers on his Model T assembly lines. He did it to increase production- he
was paying a premium to maintain a reliable workforce. The unexpected benefit was that Ford's
factory workers became Ford customers, too.
The same logic still holds: Consumption drives the American economy, and workers who are
paid more can spend more.
Mainstream economists insist that it is impossible to order up a sustainable increase in wages
because compensation levels reflect the unerring judgment of market forces.
The conventional wisdom held that productivity growth was the only route to higher wages.
Through that lens, efforts to negotiate higher wages were counterproductive. Minimum-wage laws
would raise unemployment because there was only so much money in the wage pool, and if some
people got more, others would get none.
It was in the context of this worldview that it became popular to argue that tax cuts would drive
prosperity. Rich people would invest, productivity would increase, wages would rise.
In the real world, things are more complicated. Wages are influenced by a tug of war between
employers and workers, and employers have been winning. One clear piece of evidence is the
widening gap between productivity growth and wage growth since roughly 1970. Productivity has
more than doubled; wages have lagged far behind.
A focus on wage growth would provide an antidote (矫正方法)to the attractive simplicity of
the belief in the magical power of tax cuts.
46 . Why does the formula of tax cuts remain popular though ineffective?
A) Its critics5 voice has not been heard throughout the country.
B) There seem to be no other options available to replace it.
C) The cult of tax cuts has been relentlessly propagated by all policymakers.
D) There appears to be a misunderstanding of the formula among the public.
47 .What does the author think is a more effective measure for driving economic growth in the U.S.?
A) Aiding people left behind by economic growth.
B) Prioritizing the growth of the nation's GDP.
C) Increasing the compensation for labor.
D) Introducing even more extensive tax cuts.
48 .What is the logic underlying the author's viewpoint?
A) The growth of workers' paychecks ultimately boosts the nation's economy.
B) Paying a premium to maintain a reliable workforce attracts more customers.
C) Consumption stimulates the desire for higher wages.
D) Familiar arguments for higher wages are outdated.
2023年12月英语六级真题第1 套第7 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 162 -----
49 .What is the basis for higher wages according to the conventional wisdom?
A) Fairness in distribution. 
C) The priority of economic policymakers.
B) Increase in productivity. 
D) The unerring judgment of market forces.
50 .What do we learn about things in the real world in America for the past 50 years or so?
A) People have failed to see a corresponding increase in wages and in productivity.
B) People have been disheartened by the widening gap between the haves and have-nots.
C) People have witnessed a tug of war between Republicans and Democrats over tax cuts.
D) People have seen the link disappearing between productivity and workers5 well-being.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Journal editors decide what gets published and what doesn't, affecting the careers of other
academics and influencing the direction that a field takes. You'd hope, then, that journals would do
everything they can to establish a diverse editorial board, reflecting a variety of voices, experiences,
and identities.
Unfortunately a new study in Nature Neuroscience makes for disheartening reading. The team
finds that the majority of editors in top psychology and neuroscience journals are male and based in
the United States: a situation that may be amplifying existing gender inequalities in the field and
influencing the kind of research that gets published.
Men were found to account for 60% of the editors of psychology journals. There were
significantly more male than female editors at each level of seniority, and men made up the majority
of editors in over three quarters of the journals. Crucially, the proportion of female editors was
significantly lower than the overall proportion of women psychology researchers.
The differences were even starker in the neuroscience journals: 70% of editors were male, and
men held the majority of editorial positions in 88% of journals. In this case, the proportion of female
editors was not significantly lower than the proportion of female researchers working in
neuroscience- a finding that reveals enduring gender disparities in the field more broadly.
Based on their results, the team concludes that “the ideas, values and decision-making biases of
men are overrepresented in the editorial positions of the most recognized academic journals in
psychology and neuroscience.5,
Gender inequality in science is often attributed to the fact that senior academics are more likely
to be male, because historically science was male-dominated: ifs argued that as time goes on and
more women rise to senior roles, the field will become more equal. Yet this study showed that even
the junior roles in psychology journals tended to be held disproportionately by men, despite the fact
that there are actually more female than male junior psychology faculty.
This implies that a lack of female academics is not the problem. Instead, there are structural
reasons that women are disadvantaged in science. Women receive lower salaries and face greater
childcare demands, for instance, which can result in fewer publications and grants- the kinds of things
that journals look for when deciding who to appoint. Rather than simply blaming the inequality of
editorial boards on tradition, we should be actively breaking down these existing barriers.
A lack of diversity among journal editors also likely contributes to psychology's WEIRD
problem. If journal editors are largely men from the United States, then they will probably place
higher value on papers that are relevant to Western, male populations, whether consciously or not.
2023年12月英语六级真题第1 套第8 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 163 -----
51. What would we expect an editorial board of an academic journal to exhibit in view of its
important responsibilities?
A) Insight. 
B) Expertise. 
C) Integrity. 
D) Diversity.
52. What do we learn from the findings of a new study in Nature Neuroscience?
A) The majority of top psychology and neuroscience journals reflect a variety of voices,
experiences and identities.
B) The editorial boards of most psychology and neuroscience journals do influence the direction
their field takes.
C) The editorial boards of the most important journals in psychology and neuroscience are
male-dominated.
D) The majority of editors in top psychology and neuroscience joumals have relevant backgrounds.
53. What fact does the author highlight concerning the gender dif!erences in editors of psychology
journals?
A) There were quite a few female editors who also distinguished themselves as influential psychology
researchers.
B) The number of female editors was simply disproportionate to that of women engaged in psychology
research.
C) The proportion of female editors was increasingly lower at senior levels.
D) There were few female editors who could move up to senior positions.
54. What can we infer from the conclusion drawn by the team of the new study on the basis of their
findings?
A) Women's views are underrepresented in the editorial boards of top psychology and neuroscience
journals.
B) Male editors of top psychology and neuroscience journals tend to be biased against their female
colleagues.
C) Male researchers have enough representation in the editorial boards to ensure their publications.
D) Female editors have to struggle to get women's research articles published in academic journals.
55. What does the author suggest we do instead of simply blaming the inequality of editorial boards
on tradition?
A) Strike a balance between male and female editors.
B) Increase women's employment in senior positions.
C) Enlarge the body of female academics.
D) Implement overall structural reforms.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
随着经济与社会的发展，中国人口结构发生了显著变化，逐渐步入老龄化社会。中国老年人口将持
续增加，人口老龄化趋势将更加明显。为了应对人口老龄化带来的种种挑战，国家正积极采取措施，加
大对养老的支持。通过改革社会保障(social security)制度，政府不断增加社会保障经费，逐步扩大社会
保障覆盖范围，使更多老年人受益。政府还鼓励各种社会团体为老年人提供服务。在政府和社会团体
的共同努力下，老年人将生活得更加幸福。
2023年12月英语六级真题第1 套第9 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 164 -----
Part I
2023年12月大学英语六级考试真题（第2 套）
Writing
扫码获音频
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence
“Nowadays parents are increasingly aware that allowing kids more freedom to explore and
learn on their own helps foster their independence and boost their confidence.^^ You can make
comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at
least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation,
you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After
you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Spending their holidays in a novel way 
C) Surfing online to check out the best deals.
B) Exploring more summer holiday resorts. D) Renting a car instead of driving their own.
2. A) He did not like to be locked into one place.
B) He did not find holiday homes appealing.
C) He was well travelled.
D) He once owned a van.
3. A) Generate their own electricity.
B) Drive under any weather condition.
C) Receive instructions via computers.
D) Ensure the safety of passengers.
4. A) Riding one's mountain bike on vacation.
B) Slowing down in one's increasingly hectic life.
C) Enjoying the freedom to choose where to go and work.
D) Having one's basic needs covered while away from home.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Her physical health has deteriorated these past few weeks.
B) She has lagged behind most of her co-workers in output.
C) Her job performance has worsened over the past month.
D) She has missed several important appointments lately.
6. A) Penalty fbr curtailed output. 
C) Disturbance of her mind.
B) Some problems at home. 
D) Serious health issues.
7. A) The woman's whole-hearted support. 
C) His management capability.
B) The woman's work proficiency. 
D) His engaging personality.
8. A) The man will help the woman get back to her usual self.
B) The man will be back at his 100% in a couple of weeks.
C) The woman will be off work on the next two Mondays.
D) The woman will resume her work in two weeks.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a
question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B), C) and D). Then
2023年12月英语六级真题第2 套 第1 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 165 -----
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It can have an impact on our moods and emotions.
B) It can improve our financial status significantly.
C) It can help us achieve better work performance.
D) It can enable us to live a healthier and longer life.
10. A) One's health tends to differ before and after marriage.
B) The spouse's level of education can impact one's health.
C) The wealthier one's spouse is, the healthier one becomes.
D) One's health status is related to one's social background.
11. A) They had more education than their spouses.
B) They had much in common with their spouses.
C) They benefited a lot from their career achievements.
D) They showed interest in their spouse's occupations.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Finding out the changing climate patterns. 
C) Forecasting flood risks accurately.
B) Identifying the cities5 geological features. 
D) Eliminating their root cause.
13. A) To validate his hypothesis about the gravity of floods.
B) To determine the frequency of high tides causing floods.
C) To see the feasibility of his project on flooding.
D) To improve his mathematical flooding model.
14. A) To forecast rapid floods in real time.
B) To classify the flooding data processed.
C) To study the consequences of high tides on flooded areas.
D) To teach local citizens how to collect data of incoming floods.
15. A) They tracked the rising tides with video-cameras.
B) They set up Internet-connected water-level sensors.
C) They used newly-developed supercomputing facilities.
D) They observed the direction of water flow on the spot.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or
four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose
the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) To debate the validity of current survey data.
B) To argue about the value of a college degree.
C) To account for the drastic decline in employment among men.
D) To compare men without college degrees with those who have.
17. A) The issue of changing job requirements. 
C) The impact of inflation.
B) The increase in women taking up jobs. 
D) The factor of wages.
18. A) The sharp decline in marriage among men with no college degrees.
B) The wage gap between those with college degrees and those without.
2023年12月英语六级真题第2 套 第2 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 166 -----
C) More jobs requiring their holders to have a college degree nowadays.
D) Men's unwillingness to accept low wages in times of growing inflation.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) More and more people attach importance to protecting endangered animals.
B) An increasing number of people demand to free animals being kept in cages.
C) More and more people prioritize animal welfare when buying things to wear.
D) An increasing number of people follow the latest trend of becoming vegetarians.
20. A) Utilized a silk substitute made from mushrooms. C) Labelled all their products as vegan.
B) Refrained from using chemicals in their products. D) Avoided the use of leather and fur.
21. A) Whether they can be regarded as ethical.
B) Whether they can be considered sustainable.
C) Whether they actually signify a substantial change.
D) Whether they effectively protect animals at large.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) The belief is less prevalent that the world is going to hell.
B) The environmental welfare has worsened in the world.
C) The world has seen more violence in recent years.
D) The era we live in is the most peaceful in history.
23. A) They did not wish to live in the previous century.
B) They were convinced by the statistics presented to them.
C) They believed the world was deteriorating.
D) They were actually not in their right mind.
24. A) Our ancestors5 influence. 
C) The current state of affairs.
B) Our psychological biases. 
D) The subjectivity of mass media.
25. A) Paying attention to negative information.
B) Calculating dangerous risks to our survival.
C) Vacuuming up depressing or enraging stories.
D) Spreading exciting news around us far and wide.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage
through carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please
mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The desert is deceiving. At first glance it looks lifeless, barren, and bone-dry. For most
passersby humming through the Mojave on their way to try their luck in Las Vegas or heading
towards the Grand Canyon, it's just a 
26 
stretch of land with some mountains in the
distance and more 
27 
to be a setting for a movie that takes place on Mars. The desert,
however, is 
28 
with life, mystery, and magic.
The Mojave desert sees less than two inches of rain a year, and like most deserts, is a land of
29 
. Temperature fluctuations vary from freezing to 
30 
hot, not only between seasons,
but even within the same day.
2023年12月英语六级真题第2 套 第3 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 167 -----
At the heart of this vast, 25,000-square-mile desert is Mojave National Preserve. The folks
managing and working there wear the yvide-brimmed (宽边的)hats that have become 
31 
with
places like Yosemite. The preserve is rich with history, culture, biodiversity, and endless
opportunities to 
32 
your interest, especially for anyone who loves the outdoors. For a
photographer, it requires patience and 
33 
a few spare tires to maneuver the network of
unpaved “roads”, but the rewards are plenty.
Photographing here requires a good, 
34 
pair of shoes and a lot of preparation. Plenty
of water, spare tires, and a full tank of gas are needed to explore this unit of the national park
system, which is the third largest in the country.
Like all deserts, though, if you are patient, you will be rewarded, as they often reveal their
secrets slowly. During my last outing, I was surprised to see how much of the area was shaped by
ancient volcanoes and geological forces, much of which remains today, giving the area a
35 
feel and painting a colorful background for great photographs.
A) apt
I) sparingly
B) burning
J) sprinkle
C) extremes
K) steer
D) flat
L) stimulate
E) fractions
M) sturdy
F) overflowing
N) synonymous
G) parasites
H) probably
0) unique
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the
information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with
a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Treasure Fever
A) Most visitors come to Cape Canaveral, on the northeast coast of Florida, for the tourist
attractions. Ifs home to the second-busiest cruise ship port in the world and is a gateway to
the cosmos. Nearly 1.5 million visitors flock here every year to watch rockets, spacecraft, and
satellites blast off into the solar system from Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex. Nearly
64 kilometers of undeveloped beach and 648 square kilometers of protected refuge fan out
from the cape's sandy shores.
B) Yet some of Cape Canaveral's most legendary attractions lie unseen, wedged under the sea's
surface in mud and sand, fbr this part of the world has a reputation as a deadly ship trap. Over
the centuries, dozens of majestic Old World sailing ships smashed and sank on this irregular
stretch of windy Florida coast. They were vessels built for war and commerce, crossing the
globe canying everything from coins to cannons, boxes of silver and gold, chests of jewels
and porcelain, and pearls from the Caribbean.
C) Cape Canaveral contains one of the greatest concentrations of colonial shipwrecks in the
world. In recent years, advances in radar, diving, detection equipment, computers, and GPS
have transformed the hunt. The naked eye might see a pile of rocks, but technology can reveal
the precious artifacts (人工制 品)that lie hidden on the ocean floor.
D) As technology renders the seabed more accessible, the hunt for treasure-filled ships has drawn
a fresh tide of salvors "丁才劳人员)and their investors- as well as marine archaeologists (考
2023年12月英语六级真题第2 套 第4 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 168 -----
古 学家)wanting to bring to light the lost relics. But of late, when salvors have found vessels,
their rights have been challenged in court. The big question: who should have control of these
treasures?
E) High-stakes fights over shipwrecks pit archaeologists against treasure hunters in a vicious cycle
of accusations. Archaeologists regard themselves as protectors of history, and they see salvors
as careless destroyers. Salvors feel they do the hard work of searching for ships, only to have
them stolen from under them when discovered. This kind of clash inevitably takes place on a
grand scale. Aside from the salvors, their investors, and the maritime archaeologists who serve
as expert witnesses, the battles sweep in local and international governments and organizations
like UNESCO that work to protect under-water heritage. The court cases that ensue stretch on
for years. Are finders keepers, or do the ships belong to the countries that made them and sent
them sailing centuries ago? Where once salvors and archaeologists worked side by side, now
they belong to opposing, and equally contemptuous, tribes.
F) Nearly three million vessels lie wrecked on the Earth's ocean floor- from old canoes to the
Titanic—and likely less than one percent have been explored. Some—like an ancient Roman
ship found off Antikythera, Greece, dated between 70 and 60 BC and carrying astonishingly
sophisticated gears and dials for navigating by the sun- are critical to a new understanding of
our past. No wonder there is an eternal stirring among everybody from salvors to scholars to
find them.
G) In May 2016, a salvor named Bobby Pritchett, president of Global Marine Exploration (GME)
in Tampa, Florida, announced that he had discovered scattered remains of a ship buried a
kilometer off Cape Canaveral. Over the prior three years, he and his crew had obtained 14
state permits to survey a nearly 260-square-kilometer area off the cape; they worked 250 days
a year, backed by investor funds of, he claims, US $4 million. It was hard work. Crew
members were up at dawn, dragging sensors from their expedition vessels back and forth, day
in and day out, year after year, to detect metal of any kind. Using computer technology,
Pritchett and his crew created intricate, color-coded maps marked with the GPS coordinates
of thousands of finds, all invisible under a meter of sand.
H) One day in 2015, the magnetometer (磁力 计)picked up metal that turned out to be an iron
cannon; when the divers blew the sand away, they also discovered a more precious bronze
cannon with markings indicating French royalty and, not far off, a famous marble column
carved with the coat of arms of France, known from historical paintings. The discovery was
cause for celebration. The artifacts indicated the divers had likely found the wreck of La
Trinite, a 16th-century French vessel that had been at the center of a bloody battle between
France and Spain that changed the fate of the United States of America.
I) And then the legal storm began, with GME and Pritchett pitted against Florida and France.
The Sunken Military Craft Act of 2004, a US federal act, protects any vessel that was on a
military mission, allowing the originating country to claim their ship even centuries later. In
2018, two long years after Pritchetfs discovery, the federal district court ruled in favor of
France. For Pritchett, the decision was devastating. Millions of dollars of investor funding and
years of labor were lost.
J) But this is far from the first time a salvor has lost all rights to a discovery. In 2012, for
instance, Spain won a five-year legal battle against Odyssey Marine Exploration, which had
hauled 594,000 gold and silver coins from a Spanish wreck off the coast of Portugal across
the Atlantic to the United States. ''Treasure hunters can be naive,“ says attorney David
Concannon, who has had several maritime archaeologists as clients and represented two sides
2023年12月英语六级真题第2 套 第5 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 169 -----
in the battles over the Titanic for 20 years. "Many treasure hunters don't understand they are
going to have to fight for their rights against a government that has an endless supply of
money for legal battles that treasure hunters are likely to lose.^^
K) Putting an inflated price on artifacts rather than viewing them as cultural and historical
treasures that transcend any price is what irritates many archaeologists. For the archaeologist,
everything in a wreck matters- hair, fabric, a fragment of a newspaper, rat bones- all things
speak volumes. Archaeologists don't want artifacts ending up in a private collection instead of
taking humanity on a journey of understanding.
L) George Bass is one of the pioneers of under-water archaeology, and a researcher at Texas
A&M University. He has testified in court against treasure hunters, but says archaeology is
not without its own serious problems. He believes archaeologists need to do a better job
themselves instead of routinely criticizing treasure hunters. "Archaeology has a terrible
reputation for not publishing enough on its excavations (发掘)and finds/ he says. Gathering
data, unearthing and meticulously preserving and examining finds, verifying identity and
origin, piecing together the larger story, and writing and publishing a comprehensive paper or
book can take decades. A bit cynically, Bass describes colleagues who never published
because they waited so long they became ill or died. Who is more at fault, Bass asks, the
professional archaeologist who carefully excavates a site and never publishes on it or the
treasure hunter who locates a submerged wreck, salvages part, conserves part, and publishes a
book on the operation?
M) Pritchett concedes that his find deserves careful excavation and preservation. 4tI think what I
found should go in a museum,“ he says. "But I also think I should get paid for what I found.
Indeed, ifs a bit of a mystery why governments, archaeologists, and treasure hunters can't
work together- and why salvors aren't at least given a substantial finder's fee before the
original owner takes possession of the vessel and its artifacts.
36. Exploration of shipwrecks on the sea floor is crucial in updating our understanding of
humanity's past.
37. Quite a number of majestic ships sailing from Europe to America were wrecked off the
Florida coast over the centuries.
38. Pritchett suffered a heavy loss when a US district court ruled against him.
39. Recently, people who found treasures in shipwrecks have been sued over their rights to own
them.
40. Pritchett claims he got support of millions of dollars from investors for his shipwreck
exploration.
41. One pioneer marine scientist thinks archaeologists should make greater efforts to publish their
findings.
42. With technological advancement in recent years, salvors now can detect the invaluable
man-made objects lying buried under the sea.
43. According to a lawyer, many treasure hunters are susceptible to loss because they are unaware
they face a financially stronger opponent in court.
44. Salvors of treasures in sunken ships and marine archaeologists are now hostile to each other.
45. Archaeologists want to see artifacts help humans understand their past instead of being sold to
private collectors at an outrageous price.
2023年12月英语六级真题第2 套 第6 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 170 -----
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should
decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line
through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Could you get by without using the internet for four and a half years? Thafs exactly what
singer and actress Selena Gomez has done in a bid to improve her mental health.
She has spoken extensively about the relationship between her social media usage and her
mental wellbeing, recalling feeling like “an addict“ when she became Instagram's most followed
user in 2016. “Taking a break from social media was the best decision that I've ever made for my
mental health”, says she. "The unnecessary hate and comparisons went away once I put my
phone down.^^
Ditching the web at large, however, is a far more subtle and complicated prospect. The
increasing digitisation of our society means that everything from paying a gas bill to plotting a
route to a friend's house and even making a phone call is at the mercy of your internet connection.
Actively opting out of using the internet becomes a matter of privilege.
Ms Gomez?s multi-millionaire status has allowed her to take the “social“ out of social media,
so she can continue to leverage her enormous fame while keeping the trolls (恶意挑衅的帖子)at
bay. The fact that she's still the second most-followed woman on Instagram suggests ifs entirely
possible to maintain a significant web profile to promote various projects- by way of a dedicated
team~~without being exposed to the cruel comments, hate mail and rape or death threats.
It goes without saying that this is fundamentally different from how the rest of us without
beauty deals and films to publicise use the likes of Instagram, TikTok and Twitter, but even the
concept of a digital detox (戒瘾)requires having a device and connectivity to choose to
disconnect from.
The UK's digital divide has worsened over the past two years, leaving poorer families
without broadband connections in their homes. Digital exclusion is a major threat to wider
societal equality in the UK, so witnessing companies like Facebook championing the metaverse
(元宇宙)as the next great frontier when school children are struggling to complete their
homework feels particularly irritating.
Consequently, ifs worth bearing in mind that while deleting all social media accounts will
undoubtedly make some feel infinitely better, many other people benefit from the strong sense of
community that sharing platforms can breed.
Internet access will continue to grow in importance as we edge further towards web 3.0, and
greater resources and initiatives are needed to provide the underprivileged with the connectivity
they desperately need to learn, work and live. It's crucial that people who feel that social media is
having a detrimental effect on their mental health are allowed to switch off and for those living in
digital exclusion to be able to switch on in the first place.
46. What do we learn about singer and actress Selena Gomez in the past four and a half years?
A) She has had worsening mental problems. C) She has refrained from using social media.
B) She has won Instagram's most followers. D) She has succeeded in a bid on the internet.
2023年12月英语六级真题第2 套 第7 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 171 -----
47. Why does actively opting out of using the internet become a matter of privilege?
A) Most people find it subtle and complicated to give up using the internet.
B) Most people can hardly ditch the web while avoiding hate and comparisons.
C) Most people can hardly get by without the internet due to growing digitisation.
D) Most people have been seriously addicted to the web without being aware of it.
48. Why does the author say ''witnessing companies...feels particularly irritating^^ ( Para. 6)?
A) The UK digital divide would further worsen due to the metaverse.
B) The concept of the metaverse is believed to be still quite illusory.
C) School children would be drawn farther away from the real world.
D) Most families in the UK do not have stable broadband connections.
49. What is worth bearing in mind concerning social media platforms?
A) They are conducive to promoting societal equality.
B) They help many people feel connected with others.
C) They provide a necessary device for a digital detox.
D) They create a virtual community on the internet.
50. What does the author think is really important for those living in digital exclusion?
A) Having access to the internet. 
C) Getting more educational resources.
B) Edging further towards web 3.0. 
D) Opening more social media accounts.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Psychologists have long been in disagreement as to whether competition is a learned or a
genetic component of human behavior. Whatever it is, you cannot but recognize the effect
competition is exerting in academics and many other areas of contemporary life.
Psychologically speaking, competition has been seen as an inevitable consequence of human
drives. According to Sigmund Freud, humans are bom screaming fbr attention and full of organic
drives fbr fulfillment in various areas. Initially, we compete fbr the attention of our parents.
Thereafter, we are at the mercy of a battle between our base impulses for self-fulfillment and
social and cultural norms which prohibit pure indulgence.
Current work in anthropology (人类学)has suggested, however, that this view of the role of
competition in human behavior may be incorrect. Thomas Hobbes, one of the great philosophers of
the seventeenth century, is perhaps best remembered for his characterization of the "natural world”,
that is, the world before the imposition of the will of humanity, as being “nasty, brutish, and short.,,
This image of the pre-rational world is still widely held, reinforced by Charles Darwin's highly
influential work, The Origin o f Species, which established the doctrine of natural selection. This
doctrine, which takes for granted that those species best able to adapt to and master the natural
environment in which they live will survive, has suggested that the struggle for survival is an
inherent human trait which determines a person's success. Darwin's theory has even been
summarized as 4'survival of the fittest”-
a phrase Darwin himself never used- further highlighting
competition's role in success. As it has often been pointed out, however, there is nothing in the
concept of natural selection that suggests that competition is the most successful strategy fbr
''survival of the fittest." Darwin asserted in The Origin o f Species that the struggles he was
describing should be viewed as metaphors and could easily include dependence and cooperation.
Many studies have been conducted to test the importance placed on competition as opposed
to other values, such as cooperation- by various cultures, and generally conclude that Americans
uniquely praise competition as natural, inevitable, and desirable. In 1937, the world-renowned
2023年12月英语六级真题第2 套 第8 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 172 -----
anthropologist Margaret Mead published Cooperation and Competition among Primitive Peoples,
based on her studies of several societies that did not prize competition, and, in fact, seemed at
times to place a negative value on it. One such society was the Zuni Indians of Arizona, and they,
Mead found, valued cooperation far more than competition. After studying dozens of such
cultures, Mead's final conclusion was that competitiveness is a culturally created aspect of human
behavior, and that its prevalence in a particular society is relative to how that society values it.
51. What does the author think is easy to see in many areas of contemporary life?
A) The disagreement on the inevitability of competition.
B) The consequence of psychological investigation.
C) The effect of human drives.
D) The impact of competition.
52. According to psychology, what do people strive to do following the initial stage of their life?
A) Fulfill individual needs without incurring adverse effects of human drives.
B) Indulge in cultural pursuits while keeping their base impulses at bay.
C) Gain extensive recognition without exposing pure indulgence.
D) Satisfy their own desires while observing social conventions.
53. What do we learn about the 4'natural world^^ characterized by Thomas Hobbes?
A) It gets misrepresented by philosophers and anthropologists.
B) It gets distorted in Darwin's The Origin of Species.
C) It is free from the rational intervention of humans.
D) It is the pre-rational world rarely appreciated nowadays.
54. What can we conclude from Darwin's assertion in The Origin of Species?
A) All species inherently depend on others fbr survival.
B) Struggles for survival do not exclude mutual support.
C) Competition weighs as much as cooperation as a survival strategy.
D) The strongest species proves to be the fittest in natural selection.
55. What conclusion did Margaret Mead reach after studying dozens of diflerent cultures?
A) It is characteristic of humans to be competitive.
B) Americans are uniquely opposed to cooperation.
C) Competition is relatively more prevalent in Western societies.
D) People's attitude towards competition is actually culture-bound.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
在中国，随着老龄化社会的到来，养老受到普遍关注。人们谈论最多的是应当采取什么样的养
老模式。多数人认为，养老模式需要多元化。可以通过政府引导和社会参与，建立更多更好的养老
服务机构，改进社区服务中心，鼓励居家自助养老，还可以推行家庭养老与社会养老相结合的模式。
随着政府和社会对养老服务事业投入的持续增加，养老设施将不断升级，服务质量逐步改进，老年
人的生活将会更加方便舒适、健康快乐。
2023年12月英语六级真题第2 套 第9 页共9 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 173 -----
2023年12月大学英语六级考试真题（第3 套）
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence
“With their valuable skills and experience, elderly people can continue to make signiflcant
contributions to society.^^ You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal observations
to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words (not including
the sentence given).
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：由于2 0 2 3 年1 2 月六级考试全国共考了两套听力，本套真题听
力与前两套内容相同，只是选项顺序不同，因此在本套真题中不再重复出现。
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Modem U.S. cities were designed to make exercise unnecessary. Cars and elevators once
symbolized urban areas as machines fbr more efficient living. Now it is clear that these
improvements provide great benefits but also 
26 
health costs. Recent studies show that urban
27 
encourages more driving and is associated with heavier weight. This 
28 
suggests
that the layout and design of cities can hinder or promote healthier lifestyle choices and it is
29 
that urban planners bear this in mind.
Unfortunately, urban planning still centers in large part on solving the problems of the past.
Of course cities still need to 
30 
standard public health practices, such as separating toxic
facilities from homes and restricting heavy truck traffic through 
31 
residential areas. But
ifs also important to create healthier cities- and the discussion is already underway. More and
more city planners are paying increasing attention to encouraging physical activity by making it
easier and safer fbr people to recreate, walk, bike and take public transportation. Many studies of
32 
show that people live the longest in environments where physical activity is part of
everyday life.
Providing more walkable spaces, better protected bike lanes and more 
33 
spaces are
important steps. But even smaller changes can be effective.
Cities can close off streets on weekends to encourage communities to get out and walk. They
also can provide more seating in public places, so that less-fit residents can rest during their
journeys. Using public spaces in cities as places where people can exercise promotes 
34 
.
rather than allowing physical activity to become restricted to private gyms with often-expensive
monthly fees that 
35 
less wealthy people from joining.
A) correlation
I) longevity
B) dense
J) navigate
C) deter
K) recreational
D) equity
L) rotten
E) foster
M) sprawl
F) imperative
N) vibrate
G) impose
O) vicinity
H) irrespective
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the
2023年12月英语六级真题第3 套第1 页共6 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 174 -----
information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with
a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Can Learning a Foreign Language Prevent Dementia?
A) You may have heard that learning another language is one method for preventing or at least
postponing the onset of dementia. Dementia refers to the loss of cognitive abilities, and one of
its most common forms is Alzheimer's disease (阿 尔 茨海默氏病).At this time, the causes of
the disease are not well understood, and consequently, there are no proven steps that people
can take to prevent it. Nonetheless, some researchers have suggested that learning a foreign
language might help delay the onset of dementia.
B) To explore this possibility more deeply, lefs look at some of the common misconceptions
about dementia and the aging brain. First of all, dementia is not an inevitable part of the
normal aging process. Most older adults do not develop Alzheimer's disease or other forms of
dementia. It is also important to remember that dementia is not the same thing as normal
forgetfulness. At any age, we might experience difficulty finding the exact word we want or
have trouble remembering the name of the person we just met. People with dementia have
more serious problems, like feeling confused or getting lost in a familiar place. Think of it
this way: If you forget where you parked your car at the mall, thafs normal; if you forget how
to drive a car, that may be a signal that something more serious is going on.
C) The idea that dementia can be prevented is based on the comparison of the brain to a muscle.
When people talk about the brain, they sometimes say things like “It is important to exercise
your brain^^ or “To stay mentally fit, you have to give your brain a workout?5 Although these
are colorful analogies, in reality the brain is not a muscle. Unlike muscles, the brain is always
active and works even during periods of rest and sleep. In addition, although some muscle
cells have a lifespan of only a few days, brain cells last a lifetime. Not only that, but it has
been shown that new brain cells are being created throughout one's lifespan.
D) While it makes for a colorful analogy, comparing the brain to a muscle is inaccurate and
misleading. So, if the brain is not a muscle, can it still be exercised? Once again, researchers
don't know fbr sure. There are now many computer, online, and mobile device applications
that claim to be able to “train your brain,“ and they typically tap into a variety of cognitive
abilities. However, research suggests that although this type of training may improve one's
abilities at the tasks themselves, they don't seem to improve other abilities. In other words,
practicing a letter-detection task will, over time, improve your letter-detection skills, but it
will not necessarily enhance your other perceptual abilities.
E) However, there is some reason to believe that learning languages might be different. The best
evidence that foreign language learning confers cognitive benefits comes from research with
those who are already bilingual (双语的).Bilingualism most commonly occurs when children
are exposed to two languages, either in the home (mom speaks Dutch, dad speaks Spanish) or
more formally in early schooling. But bilingualism certainly occurs in adulthood as well.
F) Bilingualism and multilingualism are actually more common than you might think. In fact, it
has been estimated that there are fewer monolingual speakers in the world than bilinguals and
multilinguals. Although in many countries most inhabitants share just one language, other
countries have several official languages. Switzerland, fbr example, has four official
languages: German, French, Italian, and Romansh. Throughout large parts of Africa, Arabic,
Swahili, French, and English are often known and used by individuals who speak a different,
native language in their home than they do in the marketplace. So bilingualism and
multilingualism are to be found throughout the world. And with regard to cognitive abilities,
the research on those who speak more than one language paints an encouraging picture.
G) For one thing, bilinguals are better at multitasking. One explanation of this superiority is that
speakers of two languages are continually inhibiting one of their languages, and this process
of inhibition confers general cognitive benefits to other activities. In fact, bilingual
individuals outperform their monolingual counterparts on a variety of cognitive tasks, such as
following complex instructions, and switching to new instructions. For the sake of
- 
2023年12月英语六级真题第3 套第2 页共6 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 175 -----
completeness, it should be noted that the advantages of being bilingual are not universal
across all cognitive domains. Bilingual individuals have been shown to have smaller
vocabularies and to take longer in retrieving words from memory when compared to
monolinguals. In the long run, however, the cognitive and linguistic advantages of being
bilingual far outweigh these two drawbacks.
H) If the benefits of being bilingual spill over to other aspects of cognition, then we would
expect to see a lower incidence of Alzheimer's disease in bilinguals than in monolinguals, or
at least a later onset of Alzheimer5s for bilinguals. In fact, there is evidence to support this
claim. The psychologist Ellen Bialystok and her colleagues obtained the histories of 184
individuals who had made use of a memory clinic in Toronto. For those who showed signs of
dementia, the monolinguals in the sample had an average age of 71.4 years at time of onset.
The bilinguals, in contrast, received their diagnosis at 75.5 years, on average. In a study of
this sort, a difference of four years is highly significant, and could not be explained by other
systematic differences between the two groups. For example, the monolinguals reported, on
average, a year and a half more schooling than their bilingual counterparts, so the effect was
clearly not due to formal education.
I) A separate study, conducted in India, found strikingly similar results: bilingual patients
developed symptoms of dementia 4.5 years later than monolinguals, even after other potential
factors, such as gender and occupation, were controlled for. In addition, researchers have
reported other positive effects of bilingualism for cognitive abilities in later life, even when the
person acquired the language in adulthood. Crucially, Bialystok suggested that the positive
benefits of being bilingual were only found in those who used both languages all the time.
J) But encouraging as these kinds of studies are, they still have not established exactly how or why
differences between bilinguals and monolinguals exist. Because these studies looked back at the
histories of people who were already bilingual, the results can only say that a difference
between the two groups was found, but not why that difference occurred. Further research is
needed to determine what caused the differences in age of onset between the two groups.
K) Other studies of successful aging suggest that being connected to one's community and
having plenty of social interaction is also important in delaying or even preventing the onset
of dementia. Once again, however, the results are far less clear than the popular media might
lead you to believe. Older individuals who lead active social lives are, almost by definition,
healthier than their counterparts who rarely leave their homes or interact with others. So we
can't really say whether being socially active prevents the onset of dementia, or if people who
don't have dementia are more likely to be socially active.
L) But even if studying a foreign language is not a magical cure-all, there is one thing it will do:
It will make you a better speaker of a foreign language. Doing that confers a whole host of
advantages we do know about.
36. Research indicates that brain training is likely to boost one's ability at specific tasks, but not
one's other cognitive abilities.
37. According to estimates, the number of people who speak two languages or more is greater
than those who speak one language only.
38. For the time being, we do not know what causes people to lose their cognitive abilities, or
what we can do to prevent it.
39. It is hard to determine whether people who are free from dementia tend to have more social
activities, or more social activities keep people away from dementia.
40. There is evidence that learning foreign languages might be beneficial to boosting one's
cognitive abilities.
41. It was suggested that only those who always spoke two languages could benefit from
bilingualism.
42. The brain is different from muscles in that it keeps working even when the body is at rest.
2023年12月英语六级真题第3 套第3 页共6 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 176 -----
43. People who speak two languages do better at a number of cognitive tasks than those who
speak only one language.
44. Dementia is different from being merely forgetful and entails more serious trouble.
45. It is claimed that more monolinguals suffer from Alzheimer's disease than bilinguals.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should
decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line
through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Research is meant to benefit society by raising public awareness and creating products and
innovations that enhance development. For research to serve its full purpose, the results must
leave the confines of research laboratories and academic journals.
Findings effectively communicated can go a long way to serve the interests of the public.
They can help address social injustices or improve treatments offered to patients.
Many researchers seem to be content with sharing the results of their studies in academic
journals or at conferences. But few journals allow everybody to read the findings. Even articles
freely available are usually written in academic language incomprehensible to the average reader.
For researchers in the tenure-track system, their main goal is winning tenure, which in part
can be achieved by getting a number of papers published in prominent journals. Pressures like
this mean community-level outreach is not prioritised.
Many researchers lack the writing skills to describe their results to a general audience. They
may also worry about whether the public will understand their findings, or about findings being
used to influence controversial policies. These concerns cause some researchers to shy away from
communicating their findings outside the academic community.
Propagating research findings beyond academic publications is particularly crucial fbr
addressing certain social discrepancies. It can help families, communities, healthcare providers,
policymakers, government agencies and other stakeholders to understand and respond to crises
that plague society.
The benefits of sharing findings flow both ways. Engaging with other researchers and the
public can lead to unexpected new connections and new ideas that could suggest fruitful new
directions for research.
To benefit both researchers and the communities, the need to find innovative, accessible
ways to share the work cannot be overstated.
Institutions and funding organisations should support more researchers to publish in open
access journals so that the public doesn't have to pay to read them. Institutions and researchers
should invest in partnerships that expand capacity for sharing results more broadly.
Furthermore, ethics committees should make it mandatory fbr researchers to share their
results with the public. Every research participant should opt in or out of receiving results, as part
of the process of giving informed consent.
There could be misunderstanding of the findings presented by the researcher because of
technical terms. But this can be resolved by researchers engaging the services of professional
writers or communication officers to help with translating their study into more accessible
language and share it widely with media outlets and the public.
Sharing results with the people who are most affected by them makes us better researchers
and ensures that our work can be used to improve people's lives. Institutions and collaborators
must recognise the value of doing so.
2023年12月英语六级真题第3 套第4 页共6 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 177 -----
46. How can research serve its full purpose according to the author?
A) With researchers being aware of public interests.
B) With its findings published in prominent journals.
C) With researchers creating products that enhance social development.
D) With its findings properly communicated beyond the academic circle.
47. Why do ordinary readers find it difficult to access the results of researchers5 studies?
A) They cannot understand the academic language used for reporting these results.
B) They feel intimidated by the jargon researchers use to describe their findings.
C) They do not attend conferences where these results are freely available.
D) They have few chances to locate the journals that publish these findings.
48. What is one of the reasons some researchers won't prioritise communicating their findings to
the public?
A) They can thrive on the papers published.
B) Their top consideration is to win tenure.
C) Their main goal is gaining recognition in their field.
D) They have to struggle to reach out to the community.
49. How can sharing findings benefit researchers themselves?
A) By helping them to identify new research directions.
B) By enabling them to understand crises plaguing society.
C) By enabling them to effectively address social discrepancies.
D) By helping them to forge ties with government agencies.
50. Why are researchers advised to engage the services of professional writers or communication
officers?
A) To satisfy ethics committees? mandatory requirements of researchers.
B) To translate their study into languages accessible to readers overseas.
C) To make their publications correctly understood by the public.
D) To render their findings acceptable by prominent journals.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Spiders make their presence felt in late August and through early autumn. This is the mating
season of some of the most common varieties, when male house spiders come out of hidden comers
to look for females, and garden spiders reach adult size and spin their most dazzling webs.
Yet while the spider is a familiar fixture of nursery poems or songs and Halloween
decorations, its relationship with humans is complicated. Fear of spiders is common and has
serious impacts on the lives of sufferers. Its prevalence appears unrelated to any rational
assessment of risk. Spiders in the UK are almost all harmless. Farmland species perform valuable
ecosystem services, by preying on insects that are our competitors fbr crops. But they are a
constant source of human anxieties- with a cultural association with witches and wickedness
dating back to the middle ages.
Does this perhaps explain, in part, the lack of data about how spiders are faring in our age of
ecological crisis? British butterflies are the most studied group of insects in the world, due to the
long tradition of collecting and observing them. But spider conservationists point out that it was
only in the 1980s that the classification of house spiders was properly sorted out. And while
information about insect populations is gathered by experiments that measure the numbers hitting
windscreens or traps, there have been few attempts to count spiders.
The huge reductions in the numbers of flying insects can only mean a reduction in spiders'
food supply. A recent landmark study identified a 75% fall in insect populations between 1989
and 2016, with pesticide use thought to be to blame along with the destruction of wild areas fbr
development. This means the overall picture fbr spiders is worrying, as it is for most creatures.
But conservationists are most concerned about those varieties that are threatened due to habitat
2023年12月英语六级真题第3 套第5 页共6 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 178 -----
loss and fragmentation, which makes it impossible for them to migrate.
Of around 650 spider species regularly recorded in the UK, the majority thrive in marshes
and wasteland. Conservation efforts, often led by determined individuals, have helped some
species to recover by reintroducing them to new areas. With rewilding now firmly on the
environmental policy agenda, the hope is that in future, spiders will be enabled to migrate by
themselves, adapting to climate change by moving along wildlife corridors.
It seems unlikely that spiders will ever attract the same level of human enthusiasm as bees,
birds or butterflies, in spite of their unique status as nature5s spinners. But as they reveal
themselves in all their splendour this autumn, it would be a good thing if more animal lovers
recognised the ways in which spiders are simply terrific.
51. What do we learn about spiders in the UK since the middle ages?
A) They have been generally misconceived.
B) They have adversely impacted crop growth.
C) They have been a constant reminder of bad luck.
D) They have made their presence felt when spinning webs.
52. What have spiders been associated with in the UK for centuries?
A) Harm. 
B) Evil. 
C) Suffering. 
D) Aggression.
53. What partly accounts for the reduction in spiders' food supply?
A) The long tradition of collecting insects.
B) Fast reproduction of their competitors.
C) Chemicals used for killing insects.
D) The extinction of a lot of wildlife.
54. What does the passage say is conservationists? biggest worry?
A) A variety of spiders are threatened due to pollution of marshes and wasteland.
B) Certain species of spiders are endangered due to loss of their natural homes.
C) An increasing number of spiders are being killed by deadly pesticides.
D) More and more spider species are found losing their ability to migrate.
55. What wish does the author express close to the end of the passage?
A) More people would recognise spiders' unique status in the ecosystem.
B) People would show greater enthusiasm for spiders than for butterflies.
C) There would be sufficient corridors fbr spiders to move along.
D)There would be more people appreciating spiders' splendour.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
近年来，中国老龄人口持续增长。中国政府正采取各种措施，推进养老服务体系建设，使老年人
晚年生活健康幸福。全国兴建了各类养老服务机构。为了提升养老机构的服务质量，政府颁布了一
系列标准，加强对养老机构的监管。许多城市为方便老年人用餐，开设了社区食堂，为他们提供价格
实惠的饭菜。行动不便的老年人还能享受上门送餐服务。同时，中国还在积极探索居家和社区养老
等其他养老模式，以确保所有老年人老有所养。
2023年12月英语六级真题第3 套第6 页共6 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 179 -----
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Reply to the man's last proposal within a short time. 
B) Sign the agreement if one small change is made to it.
C) Make a sponsorship deal for her client at the meeting.
D) Give the man some good news regarding the contract.
2. A) They are becoming impatient.
B) They are afraid time is running out.
C) They are used to making alterations.
D) They are concerned about the details.
3. A) To prevent geographical discrimination.
B) To tap the food and beverage market.
C) To avoid any conflict of interest.
D) To reduce unfair competition.
4. A) It is a potential market for food and beverage.
B) It is very attractive for real estate developers.
C) It is a negligible market for his company.
D) It is very different from other markets.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They are thrilled by a rare astronomic phenomenon.
B) They are celebrating a big event on mountain tops.
C) They are enthusiastic about big science-related stories.
D) They are joined by astronomers all across North America.
6. A) It will be the most formidable of its kind in over a century.
B) It will come closest to Earth in more than one hundred years.
6 ・1
2024年6月大学英语六级考试真题第1套

----- PAGE 180 -----
C) It will eclipse many other such events in human history.
D) It will be seen most clearly from Denver5s mountain tops.
7. A) A blur.
B) Stars.
C) The edge of our galaxy.
D) An ordinary flying object.
8. A) Use professional eqxiipment.
B) Climb to the nearby heights.
C) Fix their eyes due north.
D) Make use of phone apps.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, -you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ) ,
C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er S heet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Whether consumers should be warned against ultra-processed foods.
B) Whether there is sufficient scientific consensus on dietary guidelines.
C) Whether guidelines can form the basis for nutrition advice to consumers.
D) Whether food scientists will agree on the concept of ultra-processed foods.
10. A) By the labor cost for the final products.
B) By the degree of industrial processing.
C) By the extent of chemical alteration.
D) By the convention of classification.
11. A) Increased consumers5 expenses.
B) Greater risk of chronic diseases.
C) People's misunderstanding of nutrition.
D) Children's dislike for unprocessed foods.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) They begin to think of the benefits of constraints.
B) They try to seek solutions from creative people.
C) They try hard to maximize their mental energy.
D) They begin to see the world in a different way.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 181 -----
13. A) It is characteristic of all creative people.
B) It is essential to pushing society forward.
C) It is a creative person's response to limitation.
D) It is an impetus to socio-economic development.
14. A) Scarcity or abundance of resources has little impact on people's creativity.
B) Innovative people are not constrained in connecting unrelated concepts.
C) People have no incentive to use available resources in new ways.
D) Creative people tend to consume more available resources.
15. A) It is key to a company5s survival.
B) It shapes and focuses problems.
C) It is essential to meeting challenges.
D) It thrives best when constrained.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks fallowed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Because they are learned.
B) Because they come naturally.
C) Because they have to be properly personalized.
D) Because there can be more effective strategies.
17. A) The extent of difference and of similarity between the two sides.
B) The knowledge of the specific expectation the other side holds.
C) The importance of one's goals and of the relationship.
D) The approaches one adopts to conflict management.
18. A) The fbx. 
C) The shark.
B) The owl. 
D) The turtle.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Help save species from extinction and boost human health.
B) Understand how plants and animals perished over the past.
6 ・3

----- PAGE 182 -----
C) Help gather information publicly available to researchers.
D) Find out the cause of extinction of Britain's 66,000 species.
20. A) It was once dominated by dinosaurs.
B) It has entered the sixth mass extinction.
C) Its prospects depend on future human behaviour.
D) Its climate change is aggravated by humans.
21. A) It dwarfs all other efforts to conserve, protect and restore biodiversity on earth.
B) It is costly to get started and requires the joint efforts of thousands of scientists.
C) It can help to bring back the large numbers of plants and animals that have gone extinct.
D) It is the most exciting, most relevant, most timely and most internationally inspirational.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Cultural identity. 
C) The Copernican revolution.
B) Social evolution. 
D) Human individuality.
23. A) It is a delusion to be disposed of.
B) It is prevalent even among academics.
C) It is a myth spread by John Donne's poem.
D) It is rooted in the mindset of the 17th century.
24. A) He believes in Copernican philosophical doctrines about the universe.
B) He has gained ample scientific evidence at the University of Reading.
C) He has found that our imer self and material self are interconnected.
D) He contends most of our body cells can only live a few days or weeks.
25. A) By coming to see how disruptive such problems have got to be.
B) By realising that we all can do our own bit in such endeavours.
C) By becoming aware that we are part of a bigger world.
D) By making joint efforts resolutely and persistently.
Part in 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
6 • 4

----- PAGE 183 -----
Ifs quite remarkable how different genres of music can spark unique feelings, emotions, and
memories. Studies have shown that music can reduce stress and anxiety before surgeries and we are
all attracted toward our own unique life soundtrack.
If you're looking to 
26 
stress, you might want to give classical music a try.
The sounds of classical music produce a calming effect letting 
27 
pleasure-inducing
dopamine (多 巴胺)in the brain that helps control attention, learning and emotional responses. It can
also turn down the body's stress response, resulting in an overall happier mood. It turns out a pleasant
mood can lead to 
28 
in a person's thinking.
Although there are many great 
29 
of classical music like Bach, Beethoven and Handel, none
of these artists5 music seems to have the same health effects as Mozarfs does. According to
researchers, listening to Mozart can increase brain wave activity and improve 
30 
function.
Another study found that the distinctive features of Mozarfs music trigger parts of the brain that are
responsible for high-level mental functions. Even maternity 
31 
use Mozart to help newborn
babies adapt to life outside of the mother's belly.
It has been found that listening to classical music 
32 
reduces a person's blood pressure.
Researchers believe that the calming sounds of classical music may help your heart 
33 
from
stress. Classical music can also be a great tool to help people who have trouble sleeping. One study
found that students who had trouble sleeping slept better while they were listening to classical music.
Whether classical music is something that you listen to on a regular basis or not, it wouldn't
34 
to take time out of your day to listen to music that you find 
35 
. You will be surprised at
how good it makes you feel and the potentially positive change in your health.
A)
alleviate
I)
loose
B)
clarity
J)
majestic
C)
cognitive
K)
mandatory
D)
composers
L)
recover
E)
hurt
M) significantly
F)
inhibiting
N)
soothing
G)
interrogation
0)
wards
H)
intrinsically
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
6 ・5

----- PAGE 184 -----
The Curious Case of the Tree That Owns Itself
A) In the city of Athens, Georgia, there exists a rather curious local landmark—a large white oak that
is almost universally stated to own itself. Because of this, it is considered one of the most famous
trees in the world. So how did this tree come to own itself and the land around it?
B) Sometime in the 19th century a Georgian called Colonel William Jackson reportedly took a liking
to the said tree and endeavored to protect it from any danger. As to why he loved it so, the earliest
documented account of this story is an anonymously written front page article in the Athens Weekly
Banner published on August 12, 1890. It states, Col. Jackson had watched the tree grow from his
childhood, and grew to love it almost as he would a human. Its luxuriant leaves and sturdy limbs
had often protected him from the heavy rains, and out of its highest branches he had many a time
gotten the eggs of the feathered singers. He watched its growth, and when reaching a ripe old age
he saw the tree standing in its magnificent proportions, he was pained to think that after his death
it would fall into the hands of those who might destroy it.”
C) Towards this end, Jackson transferred by means of a deed ownership of the tree and a little land
around it to the tree itself. The deed read, "W. H. Jackson for and in consideration of the great
affection which he bears the said tree, and his great desire to see it protected has conveyed unto
the said oak tree entire possession of itself and of all land within eight feet of it on all sides.”
D) In time, the tree came to be something of a tourist attraction, known as The Tree That Owns Itself.
However, in the early 20th century, the tree started showing signs of its slow death, with little that
could be done about it. Father time comes for us all eventually, even our often long lived, tall and
leafy fellow custodians (
) of Earth. Finally, on October 9, 1942, the over 30 meter tall and
200-400 year old tree fell, rumor has it, as a result of a severe windstorm and/or via having
previously died and its roots rotted.
E) About four years later, members of the Junior Ladies Garden Club (who'd tended to the tree before
its unfortunate death) tracked down a small tree grown from a nut taken from the original tree.
And so it was that on October 9, 1946, under the direction of Professor Roy Bowden of the
College of Agriculture at the University of Georgia, this litde tree was transplanted to the location
of its ancestor. A couple months later, an official ceremony was held featuring none other than the
Mayor of Athens, Robert L McWhorter, to commemorate the occasion.
F) This new tree became known as The Son of the Tree That Owns Itself and it was assumed that, as
the original tree's heir, it naturally inherited the land it stood on. Of course, there are many dozens
of other trees known to exist descending from the original, as people taking a nut from it to grow
elsewhere was a certainty. That said, to date, none of the original tree's other children have
6 ・6

----- PAGE 185 -----
petitioned the courts for their share of the land, so it seems all good. In any event, The Son of the
Tree That Owns Itself still stands today, though often referred to simply as The Tree That Owns
Itself.
G) This all brings us around to whether Jackson ever actually gave legal ownership of the tree to
itself in the first place and whether such a deed is legally binding.
H) Well, to begin with, it turns out Jackson only spent about three years of his life in Athens, starting
at the age of 43 from 1829 to 1832, sort of dismissing the idea that he loved the tree from
spending time under it as a child and watching it grow, and then worrying about what would
happen to it after he died. Further, an extensive search of land ownership records in Athens does
not seem to indicate Jackson ever owned the land the tree sits on.
I) He did live on a lot of land directly next to it for those three years, but whether he owned that land
or not isn't clear. Whatever the case, in 1832 a four acre parcel, which included the land the tree
was on and the neighboring land Jackson lived on, among others, was sold to University professor
Malthus A Ward. In the transaction, Ward was required to pay Jackson a sum of $ 1,200 (about
$31,000 today), either for the property itself or simply in compensation for improvements
Jackson had made on the lot. In the end, whether he ever owned the neighboring lot or was
simply allowed to use it while he allegedly worked at the University, he definitely never owned
the lot the tree grew on, which is the most important bit for the topic at hand.
J) After Professor Ward purchased the land, Jackson and his family pxirchased a 655 acre parcel a few
miles away and moved there. Ten years later, in 1844, Jackson seemed to have come into financial
difficulties and had his little plantation seized by the Clarke County Sheriffs office and auctioned
off to settle the mortgage. Thus, had he owned some land in Athens itself including the land the
tree sat on, presumably he would have sold it to raise funds or otherwise had it taken as well.
K) And whatever the case there, Jackson would have known property taxes needed to be paid on the
deeded land for the tree to be truly secure in its future. Yet no account or record indicates any
trust or the like was set up to facilitate this.
L) On top of all this, there is no hard evidence such a deed ever existed, despite the fact that deed
records in Athens go back many decades before Jackson's death in 1876 and that it was supposed
to have existed in 1890 in the archives according to the original anonymous news reporter who
claims to have seen it.
M) As you might imagine from all of this, few give credit to this side of the story. So how did all of
this come about then?
6・7

----- PAGE 186 -----
N) It is speculated to have been invented by the imagination of the said anonymous author at the
Athens Weekly Banner in the aforementioned 1890 front page article titled u Deeded to Itselfv ,
which by the way contained several elements that are much more easily proved to be false. As to
why the author would do this, ifs speculated perhaps it was a 19th century version of a click-bait
thought exercise on whether it would be legal for someone to deed such a non-conscious living
thing to itself or not.
O) Whatever the case, the next known instance of the Tree That Owns Itself being mentioned wasn't
until 1901 in the Centennial Edition of that same paper, the Athens Weekly Barmer. This featured
another account very clearly just copying the original article published about a decade before, only
slightly reworded. The next account was in 1906, again in the Athens Weekly Banner, again very
clearly copying the original account, only slightly reworded, the 19th century equivalent of
re-posts when the audience has forgotten about the original.
36. Jackson was said to have transferred his ownership of the oak tree to itself in order to protect it
from being destroyed.
37. No proof has been found from an extensive search that Jackson had ever owned the land where
the oak tree grew.
38. When it was raining heavily, Jackson often took shelter under a big tree that is said to own itself.
39. There is no evidence that Jackson had made arrangements to pay property taxes for the land on
which the oak tree sat.
40. Professor Ward paid Jackson over one thousand dollars when purchasing a piece of land
from him.
41. It is said the tree that owned itself fell in a heavy windstorm.
42. The story of the oak tree is suspected to have been invented as a thought exercise.
43. Jackson's litde plantation was auctioned off to setde his debt in the mid-19th century.
44. An official ceremony was held to celebrate the transplanting of a small tree to where its ancestor
had stood.
45. The story of the Tree That Owns Itself appeared in the local paper several times, with slight
alterations in wording.
6 • 8

----- PAGE 187 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is fallowed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B) , C) and
D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
S h eet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
It is irrefutable that employees know the difference between right and wrong. So why don't more
employees intervene when they see someone exhibiting at-risk behavior in the workplace?
There are a number of factors that influence whether people intervene. First, they need to be able
to see a risky situation beginning to unfold. Second, the company's culture needs to make them feel
safe to speak up. And third, they need to have the communication skills to say something effectively.
This is not strictly a workplace problem; it's a growing problem off the job too. Every day
people witness things on the street and choose to stand idly by. This is known as the bystander
effect—the more people who witness an event, the less likely anyone in that group is to help the
victim. The psychology behind this is called diffusion of responsibility. Basically, the larger the
crowd, the more people assume that someone else will take care of it—meaning no one effectively
intervenes or acts in a moment of need.
This crowd mentality is strong enough for people to evade their known responsibilities. But it's
not only frontline workers who don't make safety interventions in the workplace. There are also
instances where supervisors do not intervene either.
When a group of employees sees unsafe behavior not being addressed at a leadership level it
creates the precedent that this is how these situations should be addressed, thus defining the safety
culture for everyone.
Despite the fact that workers are encouraged to intervene when they observe unsafe operations,
this happens less than half of the time. Fear is the ultimate factor in not intervening. There is a fear of
penalty, a fear that they'll have to do more work if they intervene. Unsuccessful attempts in the past
are another strong contributing factor to why people don't intervene- they tend to prefer to defer that
action to someone else for all future situations.
On many worksites, competent workers must be appointed. Part of their job is to intervene when
workers perform a task without the proper equipment or if the conditions are unsafe. Competent
workers are also required to stop work from continuing when there5s a danger.
Supervisors also play a critical role. Even if a competent person isn't required, supervisors need a
broad set of skills to not only identify and alleviate workplace hazards but also build a safety climate
within their team that supports intervening and open communication among them.
Beyond competent workers and supervisors, ifs important to educate everyone within the
organization that they are obliged to intervene if they witness a possible unsafe act, whether you're a
designated competent person, a supervisor or a frontline worker.
6 ・9

----- PAGE 188 -----
46. What is one of the factors contributing to failure of intervention in face of risky behavior in the
workplace?
A) Slack supervision style.
B) Unfavorable workplace culture.
C) Unforeseeable risk.
D) Blocked communication.
47. What does the author mean by u diffusion of responsibility” (Line 4, Para. 3)?
A) The more people are around, the more they need to worry about their personal safety.
B) The more people who witness an event, the less likely anyone will venture to participate.
C) The more people idling around on the street, the more likely they need taking care of.
D) The more people are around, the less chance someone will step forward to intervene.
48. What happens when unsafe behavior at the workplace is not addressed by the leaders?
A) No one will intervene when they see similar behaviors.
B) Everyone will see it as the easiest way to deal with crisis.
C) Workers have to take extra caution executing their duties.
D) Workers are left to take care of the emergency themselves.
49. What is the ultimate reason workers won5t act when they see unsafe operations?
A) Preference of deferring the action to others.
B) Anticipation of leadership intervention.
C) Fear of being isolated by coworkers.
D) Fear of having to do more work.
50. What is critical to ensxiring workplace safety?
A) Workers be trained to operate their equipment properly.
B) Workers exhibiting at-risk behavior be strictly disciplined.
C) Supervisors create a safety environment for timely intervention.
D) Supervisors conduct effective communication with frontline workers.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
The term “environmentalist” can mean different things. It used to refer to people trying to
protect wildlife and natural ecosystems. In the 21st century, the term has evolved to capture the need
to combat human-made climate change.
The distinction between these two strands of environmentalism is the cause of a split within the
scientific community about nuclear energy.
On one side are purists who believe nuclear power isn't worth the risk and the exclusive solution
6 • 10

----- PAGE 189 -----
to the climate crisis is renewable energy. The opposing side agrees that renewables are crucial, but
says society needs an amount of power available to meet consumers5 basic demands when the sun
isn't shining and the wind isn't blowing. Nuclear energy, being far cleaner than oil, gas and coal, is a
natural option, especially where hydroelectric capacity is limited.
Leon Clarke, who helped author reports for the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change, isn5t an uncritical supporter of nuclear energy, but says it's a valuable option to have if we're
serious about reaching carbon neutrality.
“ Core to all of this is the degree to which you think we can actually meet climate goals with
100% renewables/* he said. "If you don't believe we can do it, and you care about the climate, you
are forced to think about something like nuclear.n
The achievability of universal 100% renewability is similarly contentious. Cities such as
Burlington, Vermont, have been “ 100% renew ablefor years. But these cities often have small
populations, occasionally still rely on fossil fuel energy and have significant renewable resources at
their immediate disposal. Meanwhile, countries that manage to run off renewables typically do so
thanks to extraordinary hydroelectric capabilities.
Germany stands as the best case study for a large, industrialized country pushing into green
energy. Chancellor Angela Merkel in 2011 announced Energiewende, an energy transition that would
phase out nuclear and coal while phasing in renewables. Wind and solar power generation has
increased over 400% since 2010, and renewables provided 46% of the country's electricity in 2019.
But progress has halted in recent years. The instability of renewables doesn?t just mean energy is
often not produced at night, but also that solar and wind can overwhelm the grid during the day,
forcing utilities to pay customers to use their electricity. Lagging grid infrastructure struggles to
transport this overabundance of green energy from Germany's north to its industrial south, meaning
many factories still run on coal and gas. The political limit has also been reached in some places, with
citizens meeting the construction of new wind turbines with loud protests.
The result is that Germany's greenhouse gas emissions have fallen by around 11.5% since
2010—slower than the EU average of 13.5%.
51. What accounts for the divide within the scientific community about nuclear energy?
A) Attention to combating human-made climate change.
B) Emphasis on protecting wildlife and natural ecosystems.
C) Evolution of the term “green energy” over the last century.
D) Adherence to different interpretations of environmentalism.
52. What is the solution to energy shortage proposed by purists5 opponents?
A) Relying on renewables firmly and exclusively.
B) Using fossil fuel and green energy alternately.
C) Opting for nuclear energy when necessary.
D) Limiting people's non-basic consumption.
6・11

----- PAGE 190 -----
53. What point does the author want to make with cities like Burlington as an example?
A) It is controversial whether the goal of the whole world5s exclusive dependence on renewables
is attainable.
B) It is contentious whether cities with large popxilations have renewable resources at their
immediate disposal.
C) It is arguable whether cities that manage to run off renewables have sustainable hydroelectric
capabilities.
D) It is debatable whether traditional fossil fuel energy can be done away with entirely throughout
the world.
54. What do we learn about Germany regarding renewable energy?
A) It has increased its wind and solar power generation four times over the last two decades.
B) It represents a good example of a major industrialized country promoting green energy.
C) It relies on renewable energy to generate more than half of its electricity.
D) It has succeeded in reaching the goal of energy transition set by Merkel.
55. What may be one of the reasons for Germany5s progress having halted in recent years?
A) Its grid infrastructure^ capacity has fallen behind its development of green energy.
B) Its overabundance of green energy has forced power plants to suspend operation during
daytime.
C) Its industrial south is used to running factories on conventional energy supplies.
D) Its renewable energy supplies are unstable both at night and during the day.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
中国的传统婚礼习俗历史悠久，从周朝开始就逐渐形成了一套完整的婚礼仪式，有些一直
沿用至今。如今的中式婚礼习俗已有很大变化，但婚礼庆典仍然十分隆重。婚礼场地经过精心
装饰,以象征融(jubilance)的红色为主色调,摆放着许多祝愿新人幸福的物件。在婚礼上，新
人要拜天地(bow to Heaven and Earth)、拜父母和相互对拜，然后设宴招待宾客，并向宾客敬酒致
谢。今天,许多年轻人依然钟情于传统的中式婚礼，体验独特而美好的中国式浪漫。
6 - 12

----- PAGE 191 -----
未得到监考教师指令前,不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence 
Nowadays, cultivating independent learning ability is becoming
increasingly crucial for personal development.M You can make comments, cite
examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at
least J50 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning ef your essay.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：I l l i  ——
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 192 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Read numerous comments users put online.
B) Blended all his food without using a machine.
微信扫码获音频
C) Searched for the state-of-the-art models of blenders.
D) Did thorough research on the price of kitchen appliances.
2. A) Eating any blended food. 
C) Using machines to do her cooking.
B) Buying a blender herself. 
D) Making soups and juices for herself.
3. A) Cooking every meal creatively in the kitchen.
B) Paying due attention to his personal hygiene.
C) Eating breakfast punctually every morning.
D) Making his own fresh fruit juice regularly.
4. A) One-tenth of it is sugar.
B) It looks healthy and attractive.
C) One's fancy may be tickled by it.
D) It contains an assortment of nutrients.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) How he has made himself popular as the mayor of Berkton.
B) How the residents will turn Berkton into a tourist attraction.
C) How charming he himself considers the village of Berkton to be.
D) How he has led people of Berkton to change the village radically.
6. A) It was developed only to a limited extent.
B) It was totally isolated as a sleepy village.
C) It was relatively unknown to the outside.
D) It was endowed with rare natural resources.
6 ・1
2024年6月大学英语六级考试真题第2套

----- PAGE 193 -----
7. A) All the properties in Berkton were designed by the same architect.
B) The majority of residents lived in harmony with their neighbors.
C) The majority of residents enjoyed cosy housing conditions.
D) All the houses in Berkton looked aesthetically similar.
8. A) They have helped boost the local economy.
B) They have made the residents unusually proud.
C) They have contributed considerably to its popularity.
D) They have brought happiness to everyone in the village.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, yow will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ) ,
C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheer 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They have created the smallest remote-controlled walking robot in the world.
B) They are going to publish their research findings in the journal Science Robotics.
C) They are the first to build a robot that can bend, crawl, walk, turn and even jump.
D) They are engaged in research on a remote-controlled robot which uses special power.
10. A) It changes its shape by complex hardware.
B) It is operated by a special type of tiny motor.
C) It moves from one place to another by memory.
D) It is powered by the elastic property of its body.
11. A) Replace humans in exploratory tasks.
B) Perform tasks in tightly confined spaces.
C) Explore the structure of clogged arteries.
D) Assist surgeons in highly complex surgery.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) She threw up in the bathroom.
B) She slept during the entire ride.
C) She dozed off for a few minutes.
D) She boasted of her marathon race.
6 ・2

----- PAGE 194 -----
13. A) They are mostly immune to cognitive impairment.
B) They can sleep soundly during a rough ride at sea.
C) They are genetically determined to need less sleep.
D) They constitute about 13 percent of the popxilation.
14. A) Whether there is a way to reach elite status.
B) Whether it is possible to modify one's genes.
C) Whether having a baby impacts one5s passion.
D) Whether one can train themselves to sleep less.
15. A) It is in fact quite possible to nurture a passion for sleep.
B) Babies can severely disrupt their parents5 sleep patterns.
C) Being forced to rise early differs from being an early bird.
D) New parents are forced to jump out of bed at the crack of dawn.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) We have poor awareness of how many controversial issues are being debated.
B) No one knows better than yourself what you are thinking about at the moment.
C) No one can change your opinions more than those who speak in a convincing tone.
D) We are likely to underestimate how much we can be swayed by a convincing article.
17. A) Their belief about physical punishment changed.
B) Their memory pushed them toward a current belief.
C) The memory of their initial belief came back to them.
D) Their experiences of physical punishment haunted them.
18. A) They apparently have little to do with moderate beliefs.
B) They don't reflect the change of view on physical punishment.
C) They may not apply to changes to extreme or deeply held beliefs.
D) They are unlikely to alter people's position without more evidence.
6 ・3

----- PAGE 195 -----
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) American moms have been increasingly inclined to live alone.
B) The American population has been on the rise in the past 25 years.
C) American motherhood has actually been on the decline.
D) The fertility rates in America have in fact been falling sharply.
20. A) More new mothers tend to take greater care of their children.
B) More new mothers are economically able to raise children.
C) A larger proportion of women take pride in their children.
D) A larger proportion of women really enjoy motherhood.
21. A) The meaning of motherhood has changed considerably.
B) More and more mothers go shopping to treat themselves.
C) More mothers have adult children celebrating the holiday.
D) The number of American mothers has been growing steadily.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Add to indoor toxic pollutants.
B) Absorb poisonous chemicals.
C) Beautify the home environment.
D) Soak up surrounding moisture.
23. A) NASA did experiments in sealed containers resembling the super insulated offices of 1970s.
B) It was based on experiments under conditions unlike those in most homes or offices.
C) NASA conducted tests in outer space whose environment is different from ours.
D) It drew its conclusion without any contrastive data from other experiments.
24. A) Natural ventilation proves much more efficient for cleaning the air than houseplants.
B) Houseplants disperse chemical compounds more quickly with people moving around.
C) Natural ventilation turns out to be most effective with doors and windows wide open.
D) Houseplants in a normal environment rarely have any adverse impact on the air.
25. A) The root cause fbr misinterpretations of scientific findings.
B) The difficulty in understanding whafs actually happening.
C) The steps to be taken in arriving at any conclusion with certainty.
D) The necessity of continually reexamining and challenging findings.
6 • 4

----- PAGE 196 -----
Part HI 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er Sheet 2  with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The Sun Is Also a Star is a truly lovely story of love, romance, fate, and destiny.
Natasha is a Jamaican-born immigrant living 
26 
in America, not by choice exactly. Her
parents brought her over and created the situation she 
27 
to be out of.
Daniel is an American bom of Korean immigrants. He believes in true love, fate, and all that
other nonsense that Natasha 
28 
through scientific reasoning.
Daniel and Natasha meet by 
29 
on the streets of New York on the day that she is to be
30 
. She doesn't tell him that but does allow him to keep her company while he tries to get her to
fall in love with him over the course of the day.
Natasha is me. I found her so similar to myself. She's scientifically-minded, practical, somewhat
cynical, and always 
31 
Her obsession with the universe through a scientific lens is infectious
and I 
32 
Daniel seeing that too.
Daniel is charming and passionate and has a way with words that even 
33 
Natasha's tough
outer shell. By the end of the book I fell in love with both of them.
I used to find romance stories to always be cheap or laughable. I think now I can see the value
in escaping into a story of pure optimism. I got 
34 
in The Sun Is Also a Star and finished it cover
to cover in a weekend. I couldn't wait to get to what I hoped would be a happy ending.
It5s nice every once in a while to give in to magic. It doesn't have to be a hard fantasy novel
with actual spells, it can be the magic found between two people who just have that special
something. That 
35 
that causes them to react and spark when they're near each other.
A) adore
B) appraise
C) assaults
D) chemistry
E) coincidence
F) cracks
G) deported
H) dismisses
I) illegally
J) lost
K) perpetually
L) prescribed
M) shrewd
N) skeptical
O) strives
6 ・5

----- PAGE 197 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You Tnay choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
These are the habits to avoid if you want to make a behavior change
A) According to recent research, behavioral change involves physical changes in the brain. In the past
decade, researchers have shown that when it comes to the duration of making a new behavior a
deep-rooted habit there is not a simple answer. Even for the most productive and disciplined
among us, undoing something that has become an automatic part of who we are takes more than
an overnight effort. Once we've successfully made that change, we then have to make other
adjustments to our lives to ensure that we continue to maintain it, which is often a whole other
challenge in itself.
B) At its core, success in changing and maintaining a behavior rarely occurs without the introduction
of some sort of system. When there isn't the right framework in place, we face a greater likelihood
of derailing our hard-earned progress. To ensure success in changing and maintaining a behavior,
we should stay away from some detrimental habits.
C) The first one to avoid is relying on willpower. Think about the last time you vowed to resist a
temptation. Perhaps you didn't want to check your phone every 15 minutes, or you were
determined not to reach for a chocolate bar at 3 p.m. Think about how difficult it must have been
not to glance at your phone when it was within reach, or not to walk to the vending machine
when your afternoon slump hit.
D) The research on whether we have finite or infinite willpower is inconclusive, but experts do
generally agree that you can't change and sustain a habit if you rely on your willpower alone. The
old military saying “You never rise to the occasion, you only sink to the level of trainingn also
applies to behavior change. The idea is simple—you repeat something so many times that it
becomes automatic.
E) Think about what else you can change about your surrounding that makes it easier for you to
perform this change on a daily basis. This is called your "cue." Basically, ifs a trigger to perform
that particular habit. If you don't want to reach for a sugary treat at 3 p.m., have a box of herbal
tea ready at your desk. When 3 p.m. comes around, thafs your cue to pour yourself a cup of hot
water and drink that tea, instead of walking to the vending machine.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 198 -----
F) The second one to avoid is focusing on negative goals. Sometimes, ifs not your process that lets
you down, but the habit that you want to change in the first place. For starters, not eating
chocolate to beat your afternoon slump is a harder goal than swapping chocolate for herbal tea
when you reach the designated time. Your brain wants to find routines that have succeeded in the
past and allow you to repeat those actions again in the future without having to think about them
explicitly. However, this habit-learning system isn't so efiective when it comes to learning not to
do something. Thafs why rather than giving up something, think about introducing something in
its place. Focus on actions you are going to take that will ultimately conflict with the behaviors
you want to stop. When your attention is on doing something new, you give your habit system a
chance to operate.
G) The third one to avoid is using the same strategies in different circumstances. Because we are
creatures of habit, ifs natural to assume that when we do manage to adopt and sustain a desirable
behavior, that same strategy will work when we want to make another behavior change. But thafs
not always the case. Sometimes, the system that got you to change one behavior might not work
for another.
H) Sometimes we become accustomed to relying on our guts when it comes to decision-making. This
serves us well in certain situations, but can hinder us in others especially when we need to
consider metrics and data, rather than letting our instinct override everything. For example, if you
want to stop checking your email first thing in the morning, you might decide to substitute another
activity in its place. But if you want to stop indulging in video games, simply deciding you will
go for a run might not be as effective. You might need to introduce another reinforcement, such as
meeting a friend and booking an exercise class together.
I) The fourth one to avoid is not forgiving ourselves for slipping up. Of course, even the best-laid
plans fail sometimes. You might have stuck to your screen-free nighttime routine for five days, and
then a big project landed on your desk and you found yourself in bed with your laptop before you
went to sleep. Or you prepared meals on Sunday and stuck to eating healthy dimers at home, but
by Friday you found yourself so exhausted and opted to order greasy takeout. Life happens and
even if your behavior change is small, every single day can prove pretty inflexible, and at some
point your luck may run out, even if just for a day. The perfectionist in you might be screaming to
abandon your goals altogether, but try to see it in the bigger picture. Just because you might have
temporarily strayed ofF course doesn't mean you can't start afresh the next day.
J) The final one to avoid is discounting small progress. There's a habit that many perfectionists tend
to fall into when they try to establish a behavior change. They focus too much on the big goal and
don't take the time to celebrate the small progress they make in the process. Your brain responds to
rewards. The basal ganglia, the brain region linked to our performance of habits, is most active at
the beginning of a behavior, when the habit is cued, and at the end, when ifs rewarded. Say your
6・7

----- PAGE 199 -----
goal is to run five miles three times a week, and this week you ran one mile on Monday,
Wednesday, and Friday. Rather than focusing on how far you've gone toward your goal, think
about how you can reward yourself for the progress you've made. It doesn't have to be big or
expensive; it can be something as simple as making your favorite fruit juice after your run.
Whatever your reward, it has to be more than just the activity itself to get you going.
K) Initiating a new behavior usually seems like the hardest part of the process of change. However,
people often fail to adequately prepare for maintaining it. One of the reasons for this is because
we mistakenly believe the strategies we used to initiate the change will be equally effective in
helping us continue the change. But they won't. Where changing a strongly deep-rooted habit
requires changing our belief about that habit that penetrates deeply into our lives, continually
manifesting that wisdom requires that we maintain a positive outlook. If our mood is low, the
wisdom to behave differently seems to disappear and we go back to eating more and exercising
less. The key, then, to maintaining new behaviors is to be happy! Which is why ifs so hard to
maintain new behaviors.
L) Remember, overcoming the behavioral inertia that prevents us from implementing new changes,
like eating a healthy diet or exercising, can benefit us in the long run and can improve our
physical and mental health. No one was bom with habits. They were all learned, and can all,
therefore, be unlearned. The question is: how badly do you really want to change?
36. There is general consensus among experts that willpower alone cannot guarantee one's success in
changing and maintaining a habit.
37. One need not abandon their goals completely just because they missed their target temporarily;
they can start anew.
38. Research shows it is quite another challenge to maintain a behavioral change after you have
initiated it.
39. It is wrong to assume the strategies we use to start a change of behavior will work equally well in
helping maintain it.
40. Sometimes, it may not be successful to simply substitute one activity with another to effect a
change of habit; you may need extra reinforcement.
41. One should introduce something new to replace an old habit instead of simply kicking it.
42. Perfectionists focus too much on their big target and neglect celebrating the small gains they make
in the process.
6 • 8

----- PAGE 200 -----
43. It is of great benefit to us in the long term to conquer the inertia that stops us from making
behavioral changes.
44. The strategy that successfiilly changed one of your behaviors may not work for some other
behavior of yours.
45. Without a happy mood, it seems that our wisdom to adopt a different behavior vanishes.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is fallowed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B) , C) and
D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
S h eet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The “ American Dream^^ promises that in the Land of Opportunity, any individual can climb the
economic ladder and prosper through hard work and ambition alone. And yet, young Americans
today are struggling to earn more than their parents did at the same age, and upward mobility in the
US actually compares unfavourably to that of other industrialised nations.
So why does the idea of the American Dream persist? A new study in the American Journal of
Political Science identifies one factor that has been overlooked: the influence of reality TV.
Reality shows have come to dominate US television over the past 20 years, notes Eunji Kim
from Widerbilt University. And the overwhelming majority of these have a “ rags-to-riches ”
storyline: they feature ordinary Americans who work hard to achieve great economic success. And
while these programmes are regularly among the most-watched shows, news broadcasts—which paint
a more realistic view of the economic hardship faced by millions of Americans- get a much smaller
proportion of the viewership.
Rags-to-riches stories are ubiquitous (无处不在的)on TV—but does watching these programmes
actually convince people that economic mobility is easily attainable? Ib find out, Kim's team had
participants watch a 5-minute clip from a reality show with a rags-to-riches storyline. Control participants
watched a clip from a reality show that didn't have a rags-to-riches story. After watching the shows,
participants rated how much they agreed with four statements relating to the American Dream.
The results showed that those who'd watched a rags-to-riches clip did indeed have a significantly
greater belief in the American Dream. Interestingly, when participants were separated by party
affiliation, this effect was significant among Republicans but not Democrats, suggesting that the kind
of messages implicit in these TV shows may play into people's existing socioeconomic beliefs.
Kim also conducted a survey of 3,000 US residents. They also rated the extent to which they
believed success in life is related to various internal factors (such as ambition) and external factors
6 ・9

----- PAGE 201 -----
(such as family wealth). Finally, they read a list of TV programmes and indicated which they
regularly watched.
Participants who were heavy viewers of rags-to-riches programmes or frequent viewers had a
stronger belief in the American Dream than those who never watched such shows.
Kim concludes that “ rags-to-riches entertainment media are an important cultural force that
promotes and perpetuates beliefs in upward mobility” . And here's the problem: if people mistakenly
believe that hard work is all that is needed for individuals to make a better life for themselves, they
may be less supportive of policies that could actually combat inequality.
“In this era of choice, entertainment media is what captures hearts and minds,“ Kim writes. u Its
political consequences are anything but triviaT.
46. What do we learn from the passage about young Americans of today?
A) They have greater ambitions than their parents.
B) They find it difficult to achieve upward mobility.
C) They have overtaken their parents in terms of earnings.
D) They envy the opportunities in other industrialised nations.
47. What does Kim's team find about reality TV shows in America?
A) They reinterpret the essence of the popular rags-to-riches culture.
B) They urge people to achieve economic success through hard work.
C) They help strengthen people's conviction in the American Dream.
D) They feature ordinary Americans striving for social recognition.
48. What does the author say about news broadcasts in America?
A) They attract far fewer viewers than reality TV.
B) They are bent on reporting the dark side of life.
C) They stand in striking contrast with reality TV.
D) They focus on Americans' economic hardships.
49. What can we infer from the passage about Republicans in general?
A) They believe strongly in the American Dream.
B) They strive to climb the socio-economic ladder.
C) They have a very strong affiliation with their party.
D) They tend to watch more rags-to-riches TV shows.
50. What is stated about people who believe in upward mobility?
A) They are likely to blame the government for their plight.
B) They regard political consequences as anything but trivial.
C) They respect individuals striving to climb the social ladder.
D) They are less likely to approve of policies to fight inequality.
6 • 10

----- PAGE 202 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
When someone asks us ' what do you do?' we nearly always reply with our occupation. Work,
for many of us, is much more than a job. It is the defining aspect of our identity. For many of us it is
through our job that we can define ourselves.
Without my job I don't know who I am,“ is a sentence that has been uttered on more than a
handfUl of occasions from my office chair. Indeed, it can be one of the most challenging aspects I
work on with clients who have lost or been forced into changing their jobs. This loss provokes an
identity crisis much greater than the loss of the job itself.
One of the things I have come to understand, however, is that our identity is much more
complex than we recognise at first glance. If we take the time to reflect we might recognise that as
well as our work we can also identify as a friend, a spouse, a son or daughter, a parent, a member of
a sports team or religious community. We may recognise that we feel and act difierently in these roles
and relationships than we do at work. The passive daughter becomes an assertive leader at work.
Furthermore, our identities at work are not static. They change over time. I myself have been a shop
assistant, a waitress, a student, a graduate, and a clinical psychologist. At each stage my ability to
adapt to and develop my career identity has been crucial to my wellbeing. Whilst we like to eliminate
uncertainty in our lives at some level we have to manage uncertainty, especially in today's volatile and
ever-shifting job market.
How we see ourselves is central to the issue of our identity. When we tell ourselves "I'm good at
starting projects but not so great at seeing them through” it can become part of our belief system. But
if you have the unfortunate experience of an enforced job change you will need to examine those
beliefs to see how grounded in reality they are. You will be required to ask yourself how helpful these
beliefs are and consider personal change. We can change our beliefs, behaviours and emotional
experience at any time through experimentation, practice and conscious self-discipline. In an age
where career progression may lead us into new sectors it is ever more important to challenge our
sense of self and explore whether you can create a new experience of your identity by changing the
beliefs you hold about yourself in order to expand your career options. Ultimately it is you who
define who you are. You are only your job if you let it be so.
51. What do we learn from the passage about one5s loss of a job?
A) It compels them to visit a clinical psychologist.
B) It offers them a chance to play different roles.
C) It renders them puzzled about who they are.
D) It forces them to redefine their life5s goals.
52. What has the author come to understand about our identity?
A) It is crucial to our emotional wellbeing.
B) It plays a big role in many facets of life.
6・11

----- PAGE 203 -----
C) It reflects our changing status in society.
D) It is more complicated than it appears.
53. What does the passage say about our identities at work?
A) They are essential to our self-esteem.
B) They evolve with the passage of time.
C) They overrule all other self-perceptions.
D) They are key to understanding ourselves.
54. What do we have to do in today's ever-changing job market?
A) Strive to develop our social identity.
B) Prepare for different career paths.
C) Try to be assertive at all times.
D) Learn to manage uncertainty.
55. What should we do to expand our career options?
A) Alter our perceptions of ourselves.
B) Compare various job opportunities.
C) Look into newly emerging sectors.
D) Exercise self-discipline consciously.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S heet 2.
中国盛产竹子，是最早开发利用竹资源的国家。竹子在中国分布广泛，品种丰富。竹子实
用性强，用于生产和生活的许多方面,如筷子、桌椅的制作和桥梁、房屋的建造。中国人爱竹，自
古以来就有无数文人以竹为主题，创作了绚丽多彩的文学和绘画作品。竹子班(stem)笔直，象
征正直的品格。竹子具有强大的生命力和适应能力,无论环境多么恶劣，都能够顽强生存，因而
寓意坚韧不拔的精神。几千年来，竹子一直被视为中华民族品格的象征。
6 - 12

----- PAGE 204 -----
未得到监考教师指令前,不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence Nowadays more and more college students have come to realize social
practice and academic learning are equally important.n You can make comments,
cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at
least J50 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning ef your essay.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：I l l i  ——
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 205 -----
2024年6月大学英语六级考试真题第3套
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
j 
特别说明 
I
\ 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
I
\ 
第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致 I
^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » 7 1
Part HI 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank fallowing the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er Sheet 2  with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
A rainbow is a multi-colored, arc-shaped phenomenon that can appear in the sky. The colors of a
rainbow are produced by the reflection and 
26 
of light through water droplets ( 小滴)present in
the atmosphere. An observer may 
27 
a rainbow to be located either near or far away, but this
phenomenon is not actually located at any specific spot. Instead, the appearance of a rainbow depends
entirely upon the position of the observer in 
28 
to the direction of light. In essence, a rainbow is
an 
29 
illusion.
Rainbows present a 
30 
made up of seven colors in a specific order. In fact, school children
in many English-speaking countries are taught to remember the name "Roy G. Biv“ as an aid for
remembering the colors of a rainbow and their order. "Roy G. Biv" 
31 
for: red, orange, yellow,
green, blue, indigo, and violet. The outer edge of the rainbow arc is red, while the inner edge is
violet.
A rainbow is formed when light (generally sunlight) passes through water droplets 
32 
in the
atmosphere. The light waves change direction as they pass through the water droplets, resulting in two
processes: reflection and refraction ( 折射). When light reflects off a water droplet, it simply 
33
back in the opposite direction from where it 
34 
. When light refracts, it takes a different direction.
Some individuals refer to refracted light as “bent light waves." A rainbow is formed because white
light enters the water droplet, where it bends in several different directions. When these bent light
waves reach the other side of the water droplet, they reflect back out of the droplet instead of 
35
passing through the water. Since the white light is separated inside of the water, the refracted light
appears as sq)arate colors to the human eye.
6 ・1

----- PAGE 206 -----
A)
bounces
I)
permeates
B)
completely
J)
ponder
C)
dispersion
K)
preceding
D)
eccentric
L)
recklessly
E)
hanging
M) relation
F)
optical
N)
spectrum
G)
originates
0)
stands
H)
perceive
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Blame your worthless workdays on meeting recovery syndrome
A) Phyllis Hartman knows what ifs like to make one5s way through the depths of office meeting hell.
Managers at one of her former human resources jobs arranged so many meetings that attendees
would fall asleep at the table or intentionally arrive late. With hours of her day blocked up with
unnecessary meetings, she was often forced to make up her work during overtime. UI was actually
working more hours than I probably would have needed to get the work done,“ says Hartman,
who is founder and president of PGHR Consulting in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
B) She isn't alone in her frustration. Between 11 million and 55 million meetings are held each day in
the United States, costing most organisations between 7% and 15% of their personnel budgets.
Every week, employees spend about six hours in meetings, while the average manager meets for a
staggering 23 hours.
C) And though experts agree that traditional meetings are essential for making certain decisions and
developing strategy, some employees view them as one of the most unnecessary parts of the
workday. The result is not only hundreds of billions of wasted dollars, but an annoyance of what
organisational psychologists call u meeting recovery syndrome (MRS)” : time spent cooling off and
regaining focus after a useless meeting. If you run to the office kitchen to get some relief with
colleagues after a frustrating meeting, you're likely experiencing meeting recovery syndrome.
D) Meeting recovery syndrome is a concept that should be familiar to almost anyone who has held a
formal job. It isn't ground-breaking to say workers feel fatigued after a meeting, but only in recent
decades have scientists deemed the condition worthy of further investigation. With its links to
6 • 2

----- PAGE 207 -----
organisational efficiency and employee wellbeing, MRS has attracted the attention of psychologists
aware of the need to understand its precise causes and cures.
E) Today, in so far as researchers can hypothesise, MRS is most easily understood as a slow renewal
of finite mental and physical resources. When an employee sits through an ineflective meeting
their brain power is essentially being drained away. Meetings drain vitality if they last too long,
fail to engage employees or turn into one-sided lectures. The conservation of resources theory,
originally proposed in 1989 by Dr Stevan Hobfbll, states that psychological stress occurs when a
person's resources are threatened or lost. When resources are low, a person will shift into defence
to conserve their remaining supply. In the case of office meetings, where some of employees, most
valuable resources are their focus, alertness and motivation, this can mean an abrupt halt in
productivity as they take time to recover.
F) As humans, when we transition from one task to another on the job—say from sitting in a meeting
to doing normal work- it takes an effortful cognitive switch. We must detach ourselves from the
previous task and expend significant mental energy to move on. If we are already drained to
dangerous levels, then making the mental switch to the next thing is extra tough. Ifs common to
see people cyber-loafing after a frustrating meeting, going and getting coffee, interrupting a
colleague and telling them about the meeting, and so on.
G) Each person's ability to recover from horrible meetings is different. Some can bounce back
quickly, while others carry their fatigue until the end of the workday. Yet while no formal MRS
studies are currently underway, one can loosely speculate on the length of an average employee's
lag time. Switching tasks in a non-MRS condition takes about 10 to 15 minutes. With MRS, it
may take as long as 45 minutes on average. Ifs even worse when a worker has several meetings
that are separated by 30 minutes. "Not enough time to transition in a non-MRS situation to get
anything done, and in an MRS situation, not quite enough time to recover for the next meeting,“
says researcher Joseph Allen. "Then, add the compounding of back-to-back bad meetings and we
may have an epidemic on our hands.”
H) In an effort to combat the side effects of MRS, Allen, along with researcher Joseph Mroz and
colleagues at the University of Nebraska-Omaha, published a study detailing the best ways to
avoid common traps, including a concise checklist of do's and don'ts applicable to any workplace.
Drawing from around 200 papers to compile their comprehensive list, Mroz and his team may
now hold a remedy to the largely undefined problem of MRS.
I) Mroz says a good place to start is asking ourselves if our meetings are even necessary in the first
place. If all thafs on the agenda is a quick catch-up, or some non-urgent infbnnation sharing, it
may better suit the group to send around an email instead. " The second thing I would always
recommend is keep the meeting as small as possible,“ says Mroz. "If they don't actually have
6・3

----- PAGE 208 -----
some kind of immediate input, then they can follow up later. They don5t need to be sitting in this
hour-long meeting." Less time in meetings would ultimately lead to more employee engagement
in the meetings they do attend, which experts agree is a proven remedy for MRS.
J) Employees also feel taxed when they are invited together to meetings that don't inspire
participation, says ClifF Scott, professor of organisational science. It takes precious time for them
to vent their emotions, complain and try to regain focus after a pointless meeting—one of the
main traps of MRS. Over time as employees find themselves tied up in more and more
unnecessary meetings- and thus dealing with increasing lag times from MRS- the waste of
workday hours can feel insulting.
K) Despite the relative scarcity of research behind the subject, Hartman has taught herself many of the
same tricks suggested in Mroz's study, and has come a long way since her days of being stuck
with unnecessary meetings. The people she invites to meetings today include not just the essential
employees, but also representatives from every department that might have a stake in the issue at
hand. Managers like her, who seek input even from non-experts to shape their decisions, can find
greater support and cooperation from their workforce, she says.
L) If an organisation were to apply all 22 suggestions from Mroz and Allen's findings, the most
noticeable difference would be a stark decrease in the total number of meetings on the schedule,
Mroz says. Less time in meetings would ultimately lead to increased productivity, which is the
ultimate objective of convening a meeting. While none of the counter-MRS ideas have been tested
empirically yet, Allen says one trick with promise is for employees to identify things that quickly
change their mood from negative to positive. As simple as it sounds, finding a personal happy
place, going there and then coming straight back to work might be key to facilitating recovery.
M) Leaders should see also themselves as stewards of everyone else5s valuable time"，adds Steven
Rogelberg, author of The Surprising Science of Meetings. Having the skills to foresee potential traps
and treat employees* endurance with care allows leaders to provide effective short-term deterrents
to MRS.
N) Most important, however, is for organisations to awaken to the concept of meetings being flexible,
says Allen. By reshaping the way they prioritise employees' time, companies can eliminate the
very sources of MRS in their tracks.
36. Although employees are said to be fatigued by meetings, the condition has not been considered
worthy of further research until recently.
37. Mroz and his team compiled a list of what to do and what not to do to remedy the problem
of MRS.
38. Companies can get rid of the root cause of MRS if they give priority to workers' time.
6 • 4

----- PAGE 209 -----
39. If workers are exhausted to a dangerous degree, it is extremely hard for them to transition to the
next task.
40. Employees in America spend a lot of time attending meetings while the number of hours
managers meet is several times more.
41. Phyllis Hartman has learned by herself many of the ways Mroz suggested in his study and made
remarkable success in freeing herself from unnecessary meetings.
42. When meetings continue too long or don5t engage employees, they deplete vitality.
43. When the time of meetings is reduced, employees will be more engaged in the meetings they do
participate in.
44. Some employees consider meetings one of the most dispensable parts of the workday.
45. According to Mroz, if all his suggestions were applied, a very obvious change would be a steep
decrease in the number of meetings scheduled.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B) , C) and
D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
S h eet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Sarcasm and jazz have something surprisingly in common: You know them when you hear them.
Sarcasm is mostly understood through tone of voice, which is used to portray the opposite of the
literal words. For example, when someone says, “Well, that's exactly what I need right now," their
tone can tell you ifs not what they need at all.
Most frequently, sarcasm highlights an irritation or is, quite simply, mean.
If you want to be happier and improve your relationships, cut out sarcasm. Why? Because
sarcasm is actually hostility disguised as humor.
Despite smiling outwardly, many people who receive sarcastic comments feel put down and
often think the sarcastic person is rude, or contemptible. Indeed, ifs not surprising that the origin of
the word sarcasm derives from the Greek word “sarkazein” which literally means “to tear or strip the
flesh off." Hence, ifs no wonder that sarcasm is often preceded by the word “ cutting“ and that it
hurts.
Whafs more, since actions strongly determine thoughts and feelings, when a person consistently
acts sarcastically it may only serve to heighten their underlying hostility and insecurity. After all,
6 ・5

----- PAGE 210 -----
when you come right down to it, sarcasm can be used as a subtle form of bullying—and most bullies
are angry, insecure, or cowardly.
Alternatively, when a person stops voicing negative comments, especially sarcastic ones, they
may soon start to feel happier and more self-confident. Also, other people in their life benefit even
more because they no longer have to hear the emotionally hurtful language of sarcasm.
Now, Pm not saying all sarcasm is bad. It may just be better used sparingly—like a potent spice
in cooking. Too much of the spice, and the dish will be overwhelmed by it. Similarly, an occasional
dash of sarcastic wit can spice up a chat and add an element of humor to it. But a big or steady
serving of sarcasm will overwhelm the emotional flavor of any conversation and can taste very bitter
to its recipient.
So, tone down the sarcasm and work on clever wit instead, which is usually without any hostility
and thus more appreciated by those you're communicating with. In essence, sarcasm is easy while
true, harmless wit takes talent.
Thus, the main difference between wit and sarcasm is that, as already stated, sarcasm is often
hostility disguised as humor. It can be intended to hurt and is often bitter and biting. Witty statements
are usually in response to someone's unhelpful remarks or behaviors, and the intent is to untangle and
clarify the issue by emphasizing its absurdities. Sarcastic statements are expressed in a cutting manner;
witty remarks are delivered with undisguised and harmless humor.
46. Why does the author say sarcasm and jazz have something surprisingly in common?
A) Both are recognized when heard.
B) Both have exactly the same tone.
C) Both mean the opposite of what they appear to.
D) Both have hidden in them an evident irritation.
47. How do many people feel when they hear sarcastic comments?
A) They feel hostile towards the sarcastic person.
B) They feel belittled and disrespected.
C) They feel a strong urge to retaliate.
D) They feel incapable of disguising their irritation.
48. What happens when a person consistently acts sarcastically?
A) They feel their dignity greatly heightened.
B) They feel increasingly insecure and hostile.
C) They endure hostility under the disguise of humor.
D) They taste bitterness even in pleasant interactions.
49. What does the author say about people quitting sarcastic comments?
A) It makes others happier and more self-confident.
B) It restrains them from being irritating and bullying.
C) It benefits not only themselves but also those around them.
D) It shields them from negative comments and outright hostility.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 211 -----
50. What is the chief difference between a speaker's wit and sarcasm?
A) Their clarity. 
C) Their emphasis.
B) Their appreciation. 
D) Their intention.
Passage Two
Question 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Variability is crucially important for learning new skills. Consider learning how to serve in
tennis. Should you always practise serving from the exactly same location on the court, aiming at the
same spot? Although practising in more variable conditions will be slower at first, it will likely make
you a better tennis player in the end. This is because variability leads to better generalisation of what
is learned.
This principle is found in many domains, including speech perception and learning categories.
For instance, infants will struggle to learn the category “ dog ” if they are only exposed to
Chihuahuas, instead of many different kinds of dogs.
“There are over ten different names for this basic principle,“ says Limor Raviv, the senior
investigator of a recent study. " Learning from less variable input is often fast, but may fail to
generalise to new stimuli.”
To identify key patterns and understand the underlying principles of variability effects, Raviv and
her colleagues reviewed over 150 studies on variability and generalisation across fields, including
computer science, linguistics, categorisation, visual perception and formal education.
The researchers discovered that, across studies, the term variability can refer to at least four
different kinds of variability, such as set size and scheduling. "These four kinds of variability have
never been directly compared- which means that we currently don't know which is most effective for
learning,M says Raviv.
The impact of variability depends on whether it is relevant to the task or not. But according to
the ' Mr. Miyagi principle',  practising seemingly unrelated skills may actually benefit learning of
other skills.
But why does variability impact learning and generalisation? One theory is that more variable
input can highlight which aspects of a task are relevant and which are not.
Another theory is that greater variability leads to broader generalisations. This is because
variability will represent the real world better, including atypical (非典型的)examples.
A third reason has to do with the way memory works: when training is variable, learners are
forced to actively reconstruct their memories.
Understanding the impact of variability is important for literally every aspect of our daily life.
Beyond affecting the way we learn language, motor skills, and categories, it even has an impact on
our social lives,“ explains Raviv. "For example, face recognition is affected by whether people grew
up in a small community or in a larger community. Exposure to fewer faces during childhood is
associated with diminished face memory.w
“We hope this work will spark people's curiosity and generate more work on the topic/*
concludes Raviv. "Our paper raises a lot of open questions. Can we find similar effects of variability
beyond the brain, for instance, in the immune system?”
6 ・7

----- PAGE 212 -----
51. What does the passage say about infants learning the category “ dog ” if they are exposed to
Chihuahuas only?
A) They will encounter some degree of difficulty.
B) They will try to categorise other objects first.
C) They will prefer Chihuahuas to other dog species.
D) They will imagine Chihuahuas in various conditions.
52. What does Raviv say about the four different kinds of variability?
A) Which of them is most relevant to the task at hand is to be confirmed.
B) Why they have an impact on learning is far from being understood.
C) Why they have never been directly compared remains a mystery.
D) Which of them is most conducive to learning is yet to be identified.
53. How does one of the theories explain the importance of variability for learning new skills?
A) Learners regard variable training as typical of what happens in the real world.
B) Learners receiving variable training are compelled to reorganise their memories.
C) Learners pay attention to the relevant aspects of a task and ignore those irrelevant.
D) Learners focus on related skills instead of wasting time and effort on unrelated ones.
54. What does the passage say about face recognition?
A) People growing up in a small community may find it easy to remember familiar feces.
B) Face recognition has a significant impact on literally every aspect of our social lives.
C) People growing up in a large community can readily recognise any individual faces.
D) The size of the community people grow up in impacts their face recognition ability.
55. What does Raviv hope to do with their research work?
A) Highlight which aspects of a task are relevant and which are not to learning a skill.
B) Use the principle of variability in teaching seemingly unrelated skills in education.
C) Arouse people's interest in variability and stimulate more research on the topic.
D) Apply the principle of variability to such fields of study as the immune system.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A n s w e r  S h e e t 2.
扇子自古以来就深受中国人喜爱，但现在已不只是消暑纳凉的工具，而更多地作为艺术品
供人欣赏。许多扇子造型优美、做工精良，并绘有山水、花鸟、人物等精美图案，具有很高的艺术
价值。中国许多著名画家和书法家喜欢在扇子上作诗绘画，展示其艺术品味。扇子常作为礼物
赠予他人，表达美好的祝福和真挚的情感。如今,扇子的实用功能已大为减弱，但作为一种文化
符号和艺术形式，扇子仍然在中国传统文化中扮演着重要角色。
6 - 8

----- PAGE 213 -----
未得到监考教师指令前,不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence a There is a growing awareness of the importance of digital literacy and
skills in today's world.n You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal
experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than
200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning ef your essay.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：I l l i  ——
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 214 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2024年1 2 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 215 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Preparing for a job interview.
B) Writing a work report together.
C) Going through a couple of issues the company faces.
D) Discussing the woman's annual performance review.
2. A) The overall culture of the company.
B) The instruction from her supervisor.
C) The honesty of the manager.
D) The recognition of her merits.
3. A) Her inadequate language proficiency.
B) Her inability to interact with colleagues properly.
C) Her inappropriate behavior at company meetings.
D) Her simplistic approach to dealing with others.
4. A) To avoid offending the recipients.
B) To show her unique writing style.
C) To save time.
D) To be frank.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Provide medical service to the community.
B) Make healthcare in her hometown the best.
C) Obtain a doctoral degree in internal medicine.
D) Have a profound impact on people around her.
6. A) They have constantly urged her to study hard.
B) They have worked hard to finance her education.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 216 -----
C) They have tried to create a positive learning environment.
D) They have pursued the family's dreams together with her.
7. A) It is a key medical branch conducive to realizing her dreams.
B) It connects many other specialties with its broad coverage.
C) It has a long history in the man's prestigious institution.
D) It is a medical branch both of her parents specialize in.
8. A) Problematic. 
C) Inconsistent.
B) Competitive. 
D) Trustworthy.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ) ,
C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e et 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) To prevent hackers from cracking our secret codes.
B) To show that all the guidelines are being followed.
C) To provide evidence that passwords are forgotten.
D) To convince our computer that we are human.
10. A) Put an end to the hacking phenomenon.
B) Help people remember their passwords.
C) Reduce the intricacy of the password itself.
D) Explain the need for different email accounts.
11. A) Innovate technologies to ensure the safety of users' accounts.
B) Provide incentives for the application of creative passwords.
C) Explore the possibility of using simpler secret codes.
D) Take steps to encourage users to log in more often.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Her work no longer interested her.
B) Her training app did not fit her.
C) Her fitness fell into a slump.
D) Her business deteriorated.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 217 -----
13. A) Help users keep track of their fitness levels.
B) Design personalized training programmes.
C) Strengthen ties among users worldwide.
D) Select well-qualified human coaches.
14. A) They are never repeated.
B) They help enrich her life.
C) They are of no extreme intensity.
D) They keep her focused on her goal.
15. A) They will not be able to take the place of human personal trainers.
B) They will not be able to comprehend some of the profiles users put in.
C) They cannot lead to optimal results with their mathematical approach.
D) They cannot match humans in arranging meticulous workout schedules.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) All societies are built upon the cornerstones of basic values.
B) Everyone everywhere demonstrates seven character traits.
C) All societies are kept together by seven basic moral rules.
D) Everyone everywhere shares a universal moral standard.
17. A) Ascertain whether deferring to authority was confined to right-wing people.
B) Find out whether different societies had different versions of morality.
C) Make clear whether all societies faced the same moral issues.
D) Find out whether left-wing people still had a group loyalty.
18. A) Make independent descriptions of cultures around the world.
B) Strive to understand the basic differences between peoples.
C) Appreciate the foundational value of the existing data.
D) Carry out systematic field studies to gather new data.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 218 -----
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They might be the most important part of our eating experience.
B) They can activate our brain functions in a most direct fashion.
C) They can be viewed as the windows to our soul.
D) They could mislead us in more ways than one.
20. A) It attracts food companies, growing attention.
B) It adversely impacts one's eating experience.
C) It invariably determines how food sells.
D) It changes the way people taste food.
21. A) Enhance the taste.
B) Make predictions.
C) Identify distinct flavors.
D) Enrich the eating experience.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Social status.
B) Financial resources.
C) Meaning.
D) Happiness.
23. A) Their effect on people's happiness has long been overstated.
B) Their influence on people's life varies with social contexts.
C) They can affect people's experience of meaning.
D) They can ensure people's overall wellbeing.
24. A) It used questions totally different from those in their first study.
B) It focused on the sense of meaning of French participants.
C) It analysed cases from a daily poll of US residents.
D) It examined data collected from multiple countries.
25. A) They might have more access to external sources of happiness.
B) They might focus on an individual sense of satisfaction or meaning.
C) They might be less easily affected by a community's overall feeling.
D) They might be less adversely impacted by failure to achieve a purpose.
6 • 4

----- PAGE 219 -----
Part HI
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank fallowing the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er S h eet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
About 23% of the global population lives in absolute poverty. In developing countries there is a
low life expectancy, a high infant 
26 
rate, high levels of unemployment and illiteracy, nutritional
levels below acceptable standards and widespread disease with very little or poor quality medical
assistance. Others live 
27 
wealthy and luxurious lives and so the wealth is distributed in a very
28 
manner. These are the central problems to questions of charity though charity also includes
many other areas such as assisting the elderly.
We all 
29 
when very rich people pledge to give away most of their billions, but they are
usually left with millions to pass on, still much more than most people would expect to earn in their
lifetime. Even comparatively 
30 
salaries in the west are very high when compared globally.
Someone on £ 20,000 could easily afford to give away £ 2,000 per year and still have plenty to live
on plus some luxuries.
Most people agree that giving to charity is morally 
31 
but charitable behaviour tends to be
regarded as above and beyond the call of duty. Some argue, however, that charitable behaviour is
morally required. This means that to fail to behave charitably would be wrong. The majority of
arguments in this vein refer to giving aid to poorer nations but they may also refer to giving time
within one's 
32 
community. Arguments tend to place different requirements on people in
different income brackets and 
33 
entirely people who are merely making ends meet. Some argue
that people should all contribute a certain percentage of their earnings. I will 
34 
together all
those arguments that place a moral requirement on people to give to charity, despite the fact that there
is wide disagreement as to the 
35 
of that moral requirement.
A) applaud
I) moderate
B) casualty
J) mortality
C) exclude
K) overt
D) extent
L) praiseworthy
E) group
M) probe
F) hierarchical
N) sceptically
G) immediate
O) unequal
H) incredibly
6 • 5

----- PAGE 220 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sh eet 2.
The Free-Trade Paradox
A) Trade is one of the policy areas where the hostility that exists between populists (民粹主义者)and
classical liberals is most visible. Free-traders point to the undeniable good that tariff-free trade has
done for consumers across the world and to the observable alleviation of poverty in comers of the
world where previously closed markets have been opened up. Protectionists point to the domestic
producers who've paid the price for this globalized economy in the form of lost livelihoods and
hollowed-out communities.
B) The ongoing conservative civil war often degenerates into content-free tribal warfare, but trade is a
rare exception. There are substantial, thought-out policy proposals on both sides of the argument.
C) Consequently, trade as a topic of discussion provides an opportunity for liberals and populists to
have a real meeting of minds. Fruitful debates might actually take place in this area, as opposed to
the familiar ritual we've become accustomed to of condemnation met with counter-condemnation.
D) Strange as it might sound, the problem with trade in the modem world isn't a matter of dollars and
cents. Ifs a matter of false consciousness. This observation is bound to set Marxist alarm bells
ringing in the minds of some readers, but it was first made by Alexis de Tocqueville in 1840.
E) Tracking the economic development of mankind from primitive to modem societies, Tocqueville
observed a paradox unfolding over the centuries as economic realities and human experience of
those realities strayed further and further from each other. In primitive societies, he notes, the
division of labor was as yet undeveloped for the most part, requiring each person, family, or tribe
to be relatively independent when it came to meeting their own basic material needs. Men built
their own dwellings, farmed their own land, tended to their own livestock. This is not to deny that
basic forms of trade took place, but, for the most part, our primitive ancestors lived fairly self-
reliant, if crushingly poor, lives.
F) However, the exclusively local and face-to-face nature of economic and political organization in
the ancient and prehistoric worlds constantly impressed upon these primitive peoples the
uncontrollable reality of others and their needs. As Tocqueville notes, 44 as soon as a man begins to
deal with common affairs in public, he begins to perceive that he is not so independent of his
6 • 6

----- PAGE 221 -----
fellow men as he had first imagined, and that in order to obtain their support he must often lend
them his cooperation.
G) At the advent of the modem world, the division of labor spread further and further throughout
society. Each person became more and more dependent on others for their basic needs. And yet,
robbed of the engagement with our neighbors and with our local communities that our ancestors
were forced into by circumstance, we feel ourselves to be more and more independent of one
another. As we become more and more dependent on others, we become less and less conscious
of our dependence on others. This is the paradox of trade in the modem world.
H) The false consciousness that this paradox generates causes havoc on the debates we have about
free trade. There is scarcely a single commodity in any American household that isn't dependent
for its manufacture and sale, through one supply chain or another, on scores of different people
spread out across the entire globe. But as Tocqueville already foresaw in 1840, we do not feel
dependent on these strangers for our way of life. No sense of the dependence of our own material
welfare on their work ever strikes our national consciousness. We rarely contemplate the
globalized avenues of free trade with gratitude.
I) There are two reasons for this. The first, to put it bluntly, is money. Money allows us to purchase
the work of others without giving any thought to them as human beings. Unlike our ancestors in
their primitive townships, we rarely have to meet face-to-face the people who've invented, built,
shipped, or supplied our goods. No relationship has to be built before an exchange can take place.
Simply agree on a price, and you can have any goods you wish without taking a second thought
for the human being involved on the other side of the transaction. In this way, money makes us
feel more independent than we actually are. Each of us senses the hold that it has over our
fellows. We know that if we bid highly enough we can buy ourselves out of the time-consuming
labor of building relationships. Money is kind of like magic in that way. It gives us a set of rituals
to perform and promises that if we do so we'll be able to wield power over others. The illusion is
created that having enough money to buy something is the equivalent of knowing how to make it
yourself. Gratitude for the anonymous men and women who make up the supply chain rarely
makes its way into our consciousness.
J) Anonymity, in fact, is the second root cause of the free-trade paradox. Modernity has emancipated
everyone from the limits of location and community. By and large, when we trade, we trade with
strangers; when we vote, we vote for strangers; when we watch, read, or listen to stories, the
tellers of the tales are strangers. As opposed to the ancestors Tocqueville compares us to, we do
not know the people with whom we have to do, in either the economic or the political sphere.
This is simply the shadow side of the miracle of markets, which, for the first time in history, have
allowed strangers to look after each other. They've also allowed each of us to live more and more
of our lives exclusively as strangers to other people. This is how Tocqueville- rather
6 • 7

----- PAGE 222 -----
pessimistically- describes us: Each, standing apart, is like a stranger to the destiny of others; his
children and personal friends forming for him the entire human race. As for the remainder of his
fellow citizens, he is beside them, but he does not see them. He touches them, but he does not feel
them. He exists only in and for himself.
K) The last sentence but one is as apt a summary as one could hope to come by of how each of us
functions in the modem economy: "He touches them, but he does not feel them.”
L) This is the greatest challenge facing defenders of free trade. It's exceedingly difficult for human
beings to feel gratitude toward strangers, and the global marketplace that has made us so rich has
also made us strangers to one another. Our brains are hardwired for tribal life, and tribes do not
take kindly to strangers. Impressing a sense of dependence upon and gratitude toward foreign
strangers is therefore an uphill task.
M) If free-traders are going to win policy arguments in the future, they'll have to find a way of
forging bonds of affection between American consumers and foreign producers. Only by
de-anonymizing the men and women who supply us with the goods and services we enjoy from
overseas and by creating a sense of solidarity and relationship across borders that transcends
economic interest can free trade win the day. Otherwise, the inborn biological upper hand that
protectionists have in the form of nationalist solidarity is bound to win the day at the ballot box.
36. People became more and more reliant on others for basic needs as they entered the modem world
even though they might feel less so.
37. On the topic of trade, productive debates might be possible, in contrast to the familiar mutual
condemnation in discussing other issues.
38. We feel greater independence than we actually possess because money allows us to buy things
without building any relationships.
39. The trouble with today's trade stems from misconceptions rather than money.
40. For their arguments to prevail, advocates of free trade must try to forge bonds of affection
between consumers at home and producers overseas.
41. According to Tocqueville, unlike our ancestors, we and the people we do trade with are strangers
to each other.
42. In primitive societies, people had to rely mostly on themselves to meet their personal needs.
6 • 8

----- PAGE 223 -----
43. Few commodities in American homes are not reliant on people abroad in the process of
manufacture and sale.
44. Protectionists argue against free trade by referring to the losses suffered by domestic producers
and communities.
45. It is extremely hard to make people feel dependent on and grateful to stranger overseas.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
S h eet 2  with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
There are hundreds of personality quizzes online that assert they can ascertain whether the right
or left half of your brain is dominant. Left-brained people are supposedly logical and excel at
language and math while right-brained people are more imaginative, emotionally intelligent and
skilled with spatial reasoning. There's just one problem: Thafs not how brains work.
Popular science enthusiasts sort of took this idea and ran with it, and ifs become woven in
popular culture now, and it's not going away.
Despite this enduring belief, there's no such thing as being u right-brainedn or “ left-brained.”
Whether you're someone who tends more towards creativity or logic has nothing to do with one
hemisphere of your brain being dominant over the other. But the actual science of how the two halves
of our brains work together is sometimes stranger than fiction.
The human brain is divided into two hemispheres, the left and right. In all vertebrate (脊椎的)
animals, the right hemisphere controls the left side of the body and vice versa. And scientists have
long known, thanks to the behaviors of patients who suffered brain injuries, that different areas of the
brain do different things.
But many scientists struggled with this idea, because the very suggestion that the left and right
halves of the brain operate differently disrupted the idea that nature tends toward perfect symmetry.
Work by neuroscientists (不中经科学家)has revealed the importance of different hemispheres of
the brain for different activities. However, their research quickly saw some misinterpretations in the
general public: Some presumed creative people must be right-brained and logical people left-brained.
It is proven that not only is personality unrelated to the different halves of the brain, but people aren,t
really right- or left-brained to begin with. The idea that we have left-dominant people and right­
dominant people, and that this is related to personality, is categorically false. Thafs never been
supported in the neuroscience community. Neuroscientists don't believe that and never have.
6 • 9

----- PAGE 224 -----
What scientists learned is that there are really important differences between the left hemisphere
and the right hemisphere. Ifs just that they have nothing to do with personality or whether cognitive
strategy is more logical or free spirited or creative. While researchers have shown the limitations of
how the hemispheres of our brains influence our lives, it's not difficult to understand the appeal of
such ideas. People are endlessly fascinated by themselves and their friends, and the subtle differences
in how people think about the world are really meaningful to them. When you come up with an
online quiz that tells us something about ourselves, we're drawn to that. It's irresistible. But you have
to take it with an enormous grain of salt.
46. What do numerous personality quizzes online claim they are able to do?
A) Distinguish between the two hemispheres of one's brain.
B) Determine whether one is left-brained or right-brained.
C) Tell if one is more of a linguist or of a mathematician.
D) Ascertain how one's brain performs different tasks.
47. What does the author say is sometimes stranger than fiction?
A) How one hemisphere of the brain impacts creativity.
B) How the two halves of our brains work alternately.
C) How the two hemispheres of our brains cooperate.
D) How one half of the brain dominates the other.
48. Why did many scientists have difficulty endorsing the idea that different areas of the brain do
different things?
A) It contradicts the assumption that the two hemispheres of the brain are symmetrical.
B) It dismisses the view that the universe has been evolving in a consistent manner.
C) It is in conflict with the suggestion that the left and right halves of the brain work together.
D) It disrupts the idea that the right hemisphere of the brain controls the left side of the body.
49. What belief have neuroscientists long rejected according to the passage?
A) There are left-dominant people and right-dominant people with different personalities.
B) There are noticeable differences between the left and right hemispheres of the brain.
C) One's personality is hardly related to the different halves of the brain.
D) Different areas of the brain are responsible for different activities.
50. What are we advised to do with an online quiz that tells us something about ourselves?
A) Challenge its authority.
B) Scrutinize its originality.
C) Evaluate its popularity.
D) Question its reliability.
6 • 10

----- PAGE 225 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
One hundred thirty-five students, four teachers, one giant classroom: This is what 9th grade
looks like at Westwood High School, in Mesa, Arizona's largest school system. There, an innovative
teaching model has taken hold, and is spreading to other schools in the district and beyond.
Five years ago, faced with high teacher turnover and declining student enrollment, Westwood's
leaders decided to try something different. Working with professors at Arizona State University's
teachers college, they piloted a classroom model known as team teaching which allows teachers to
dissolve the walls that separate their classes across physical or grade divides.
The teachers share large groups of students-
sometimes 100 or more- and rotate between group
instruction, one-on-one interventions, small study groups, or whatever the teachers as a team agree is
a priority that day. What looks at times like chaos is in fact a carefully orchestrated plan: Each
morning, the Westwood teams meet to hammer out a personalized program for every student the team
will focus on that day.
By giving teachers more opportunity to collaborate, Mesa's administrators hoped to fill staffing
gaps and boost teacher morale and retention. Initial research suggests the gamble could pay off.
“ Teachers are doing fantastic things, but ifs very rare a teacher walks into another room to see
whafs happening,“ said Andi Fourlis, superintendent of Mesa Public Schools. u Our profession is so
slow to advance because we are working in isolation.”
Of course, overhauling teaching approaches can't fix all the frustrations teachers have, such as
low pay, but early results from Mesa show team teaching may be helping to reverse low morale. In a
survey of hundreds of the districfs teachers, researchers found those who worked on teams reported
greater job satisfaction, more frequent collaborations with colleagues, and more positive interactions
with students.
Another benefit of teams, teachers say, is that they can help each other improve their instruction.
During one planning session, English teacher Jeff Hall shared a performance appraisal with a science
teacher: Her recent lecture on something she called “ the central dogma of biology“ had bewildered
him and their other teammates.
“ If the science is too confusing for me, can you imagine the frustration you feel as kids?” Hall
said. But the science teacher, he said, wouldn,t have known about the confusion on her own.
The model is not for everyone. Some teachers approached about volunteering for a team have
said they prefer to work alone. Team teaching can also be a scheduling nightmare, especially at
schools like Westwood where only some staff work in teams. There are also thorny questions like
how to evaluate four teachers on the performance of 135 students. But for the time being, it seems to
be working.
51. What do we learn about team teaching from the passage?
A) It is generally conducted in classrooms without walls.
B) It allows students to choose teachers they favor most.
6 • 11

----- PAGE 226 -----
C) It prioritizes peer work over classroom instruction.
D) It is closely coordinated despite seeming confusion.
52. What does initial research suggest regarding Westwood's innovative teaching model?
A) It could help raise teachers5 pay.
B) It could turn out to be a success.
C) It could cut down overall costs.
D) It could end up like a gamble.
53. What did superintendent Andi Fourlis say about the teaching profession?
A) Morale cannot be boosted until teaching models are overhauled.
B) Teachers are simply too busy to visit classes of their colleagues.
C) Progress is slow due to lack of collaboration among teachers.
D) Teachers often do fantastic things without being noticed.
54. What does the author want to show by citing English teacher Jeff HalFs experience?
A) English teachers and science teachers are complementary in performing their tasks.
B) A teacher of arts and letters is completely puzzled by what a science teacher teaches.
C) The new teaching model helps inform the teacher how their instruction is received.
D) Science teachers will hardly know the confusion they create without a performance appraisal.
55. What does the author think is one of the difficult problems in implementing the new teaching
model?
A) What to do with teachers working alone.
B) What to include in teaching schedules.
C) How to recruit volunteers for a team.
D) How to assess each teachefs performance.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this p a rt, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from  Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A n s w e r S h e e t 2.
洋山港(Yangshan Port)是上海航运中心的重要组成部分,是中国第一个深水港，也是世界上
规模最大的深水港之一。经过近2 0 年的发展,洋山港已实现高度自动化。数字技术和人工智
能的使用大大减少了用工成本和碳排放。自主研发的码头管理系统可以在百公里之外对大型
设备进行远程操控。洋山港看上去一片繁忙，现场却见不到人工操作，而且能够2 4 小时不间断
运作。洋山港将不断发展,为把上海建成一个全球航运中心做出更大贡献。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 227 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence u Nowadays, more and more students have realized the importance of
self-discipline in their personal growth." You can make comments, cite examples or
use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words
but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：nn——
姓
名
: ________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 228 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2024年1 2 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 229 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
.
回;
1. A) Changing his major, 
微信扫码获音频
B) His family situation.
C) Revising his graduation thesis.
D) His passion for Art History.
2. A) He doesn't think it legitimate to depend on his father.
B) He thinks his financial situation has now changed.
C) He doesn't think it will provide him with a living.
D) He thinks it nourishes the financially secure only.
3. A) Try his best to socialize and build a network in the art industry.
B) Seek financially viable employment opportunities after graduation.
C) Investigate all possible ways to become a celebrity in the art world.
D) Strike a balance between intellectual pursuits and financial security.
4. A) Money. 
C) Determination.
B) Time. 
D) Optimism.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Their decision on investigating beef consumption.
B) Their original ideas about the domestic market.
C) Their different approaches to a case study.
D) Their end-of^semester business projects.
6. A) Expanding farmland out west.
B) Importing most of the beef.
C) Raising cattle domestically.
D) Continuing to boost economic growth.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 230 -----
7. A) Technical equipment.
B) Business consultancy.
C) Beef.
D) Carwashing.
8. A) Car owners of all walks of life.
B) High-end customers in big cities.
C) Consumers craving for professional service.
D) Well-off dealers seeking a profitable markup.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ) ,
C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Parents9 talking with them during TV time raises their curiosity levels.
B) Their daily television exposure cuts parent-child conversation time.
C) The more TV they watch the poorer their progress in development.
D) Their socioeconomic levels impact their academic achievement.
10. A) Kids' enhanced learning. 
C) Kids' reading and math.
B) Kids' curiosity levels. 
D) Kids' behavioral development.
11. A) It can hinder kids from getting on with their peers.
B) It can cut into kids' time on exploratory activities.
C) It can arouse kids' interest in how people interact in real life.
D) It can widen the gap between kids from different economic statuses.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Exerting ourselves too hard in order to attain our life's goals.
B) Being possessed with a single thought of professional success.
C) Trying every means to beat others in terms of personal aspirations.
D) Being mindlessly driven to possess more and more material things.
13. A) We might isolate ourselves from our fellow beings.
B) We might acquire an incorrect sense of well-being.
C) We might end up pursuing all the wrong things.
D) We might make a mess of our personal lives.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 231 -----
14. A) They should be based on solid theoretical concepts.
B) They should take personal interests into account.
C) They should include goals to help other people.
D) They should increase our sense of worthiness.
15. A) Drifting through life aimlessly.
B) Giving up the chance to fulfill yourself.
C) Abandoning all that life has to offer.
D) Spoiling your character and integrity.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Grade-raising ways and means.
B) Pressure-alleviating exercise.
C) Revision-conducting approaches.
D) Brain-boosting food and drink.
17. A) Buying it from coffee shops.
B) Building up a tolerance of it.
C) Drinking it after 2 pm.
D) Consuming it with sugar.
18. A) By taking varied vitamin supplements.
B) By consuming a rich variety of foods.
C) By eating both oranges and frozen berries.
D) By getting components packaged in tablets.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Many people across advanced economies think the world is going from bad to worse.
B) The news focuses on reporting catastrophes that occur across the world.
C) A significant part of the world is experiencing another great recession.
D) Many people have no idea of those living under miserable conditions.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 232 -----
20. A) It has experienced ups and downs like any other historical trend.
B) It is hailed as a miracle by both economists and ordinary people.
C) It is the only way fbr all countries to share economic prosperity.
D) It has given more and more countries a rare chance to thrive.
21. A) Their fortunes may take a downturn.
B) They can be classified as middle class.
C) Their living standards have been deteriorating.
D) They are experiencing a radical transformation.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Why smells can activate emotional memories.
B) How powerful the sense of smell can become.
C) How scent particles revive memories forgotten.
D) Why the scent of bread has a strong mental impact.
23. A) The brain cells' processing of memories experienced as strongly emotional.
B) The activation of the brain's emotion processing area by chemical particles.
C) The interaction between chemical particles and the brain cells responsible for smell.
D) The sensations of scents going directly to the brain's emotional and memory centers.
24. A) Imagination. 
C) Experience.
B) Association. 
D) Context.
25. A) Inaccuracy and alterability.
B) Susceptibility to polar interpretations.
C) Being personal and individualistic.
D) Being dependent on relevant scenarios.
Part HI 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er S h e et 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
6 • 4

----- PAGE 233 -----
Ever been talking about something important with someone you care about and found the
discussion frustrating instead of fruitful? Negative energy can then cast a 
26 
over your efforts to
build a shared understanding.
In fact, collaborative problem-solving conversations require skills. Strong listening skills are
essential. Sprinkling in positivity via appreciation, 
27 
smiles, and warm comments helps. So does
the essential ability to keep your emotional tone in the calm zone. If the tone of a dialogue heats up
and anger erupts, the dialogue 
28 
from collaborative to adversarial, and progress is likely to
come to an immediate 
29 
.
In addition, effective dialogue generally has another important characteristic: symmetry.
Symmetry in dialogue refers to the balance of how much each partner talks. Are you each
getting equal airtime? When one participant does most of the talking, this asymmetry or lack of
balance tends to become annoying to one or both of you. The silent partner 
30 
tires of only
listening, while the talker can feel 
31 
Usually, both would prefer more equal give and take.
Different rates of speech and levels of voice volume can 
32 
symmetry as well. The faster or
louder partner can easily begin taking up more airtime. The slower-talking or softer-voiced one can
have trouble getting the floor.
Conversations also lose balance when one partner's opinions count more than the othefs. One
person's input may carry more sway because their style of expression is more 
33 
. One viewpoint
may tend to get lost because it is expressed more 
34 
.
If either partner fairly consistently 
35 
or evaporates, modifying the pattern will be helpful.
The dialogue will feel more productive, and at the same time, the relationship overall is likely to feel
more positive.
A) affectionate
I) predominates
B) approximately
J) propagate
C) elapses
K) scenario
D) erode
L) shadow
E) flattered
M) tentatively
F) flips
N) typically
G) halt
0 ) vigorous
H) overburdened
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on An swer S h eet 2.
6 • 5

----- PAGE 234 -----
What is a super blood wolf moon?
A) Blue moons, rose moons, supermoons. For some reason all the websites seem to think you really
want to know all about these moons. u Catch This Weekend's AMAZING SUPERMOON," one
headline will announce. " The Supermoon Isn't Actually A Big Deal And You're All Ruining
Astronomy,,, another will complain.
B) The latest example is the super blood wolf moon eclipse which sounds like the name of an
emotional song I would have performed a modem dance routine to in 9th grade, but is, in fact, an
astronomical event set to occur on January 20. As well explain below, there is nothing truly
mysterious or otherwise special about this moon, and it will not look like a bloody wolf head in
the sky or anything wild like that. We get these super lunar events by smashing together all the
qualifiers we've historically used to keep track of full moons throughout the year, and in the age
of the internet we can get a little too enthusiastic.
C) Consider this your go-to resource for all moon-gazing news. Here's what you need to know about
the latest lunar event.
D ) Look, it's okay if you don't know. There are probably loads of folks who walk around pretending
they totally know why that thing in the sky seems to get bigger and smaller at regular intervals
but who totally do not.
E) The moon orbits Earth, and it's tidally locked- that means it always shows us the same face,
instead of spinning around like our planet does. Thafs why you can always see the man on the
moon (or the moon rabbit, depending on your cultural preferences) even as it spins around us.
But while the moon is big and bright in the sky when ifs full, thafs only because it's reflecting
light from the sun. But the moon is always moving, so it's getting hit with sunlight at different
angles. It's invisible to us during the new moon, because our satellite is parked right between us
and the sun; the so-called dark side of the moon is lit up like Las Vegas, but the side we can see
is in shadow. A full moon happens when the earth is right between the sun and the moon, so
sunlight hits the part we can see. And all the other phases are just the transition from one of those
extremes to the other.
F) The moon isn't always exactly the same distance from Earth, because its orbit isn't perfectly
circular. We call the closest point perigee (近地点)，and the most distant point is apogee (远地点).
2018's closest perigee and most distant apogee both happened in January, and the difference was
about 30,000 miles.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 235 -----
G) The reason you care about this ordinary change in distance is that it turns a moon super. When a
full moon happens close to perigee, ifs going to look a bit bigger. Honestly, the difference is not
that profound, but if you're in a position to photograph the supermoon next to something that
shows the slight increase in scale, it can look pretty cool. January's super blood wolf moon
eclipse is super because the date lines up with the closest the moon will get to us during January,
but the moon won't actually be at its closest for the year until February's supermoon, which you
can expect plenty of undue excitement over.
H ) Blood moons only occur during total lunar eclipses (which can happen a few times a year in any
given location). When the moon slips through our shadow, we give it a reddish coloring. The
moon can also look orange whenever it's rising or setting, or if it hangs low in the horizon all
night- the light bouncing off of it has to travel through a thicker atmosphere there, which scatters
more blue light away. But you'll probably only see that deep, sinister red during an eclipse.
I) A lot of headlines about moons are just ridiculous (you do not need to be particularly excited
about a blue moon, it just looks like a regular full moon), but you should definitely roll out of
bed to look at a blood moon if one is going to be visible in your region, even though they're just
lunar eclipses and not evidence of bloody battles between the sky gods.
J) In March of 2018, we had our second u blue moon^^ of the year, to much acclaim. And while thafs
not necessarily special in an oh-gosh-get-out-and-look-at-it way, it's certainly special: a blue
moon is a nickname for when two full moons fall in the same calendar month, and we hadn't
previously had two in one year since 1999. We won't have it happen again until 2037.
Astronomer David Chapman explained that this is merely a peculiarity of our calendar; once we
stopped doing things based on the moon and started trying to follow the sun and the seasons, we
stopped having one reliable full moon per month. The moon cycle is 29.53 days long on average,
so in most months we still end up with a single new moon and a single full one. But every once
in a while, one month steals a full moon from another. In 2018 (and in 1999, and again in 2037)
both January and March stacked full moons on the first and last nights of the month, leaving
February in the dark.
K) Getting two blue moons a year is rare, but we have individual blue moons every few years. Also,
fun fact: not actually blue. A moon can indeed take on a moody blue color, but this only happens
when particles of just the right size disperse through the sky-
and it has nothing to do with the
moon's status as "blue." Big clouds of ash from volcanic eruptions or fires can do the trick, but
it doesn't happen often, and the stars would certainly have to align fbr two such rare instances to
occur at once.
L) You may have heard that the super special second blue moon of 2018 was also a Paschal moon.
This is true! That just means it was the first full moon of spring, which is often used to determine
6 • 7

----- PAGE 236 -----
the date of Easter Sunday. All of this is just calendar nonsense and we refuse to go into it further.
M) Sometimes you'll see a headline that promises a moon with so many qualifiers it makes your
head spin. A super blue blood worm moon, perhaps? Or a super blood wolf moon? Lots of
websites will tell you that “ wolf moon“ is the traditional name of the first full moon of the year
in u Native Americann cultures, which is kind of a weird thing to claim given that there are 573
registered Tribal Nations in the U. S. alone today, not to mention historically. The idea that
hungry, howling wolves were such a universal constant in January that all of North America with
its different cultures, geographies, and languages spontaneously came up with the same nickname
is illogical.
N) Many cultures have traditional names for the full moon in a given month or season, so there's
quite a list to draw from if you're trying to really juice up a story on a slightly-bigger-than-
average view of the moon. But these are all based on human calendars and activities and folklore;
you will not go outside and see a pink moon in April, though I wish it were so.
36. We cannot see the moon at times when it is positioned right between the earth and the sun.
37. Volcanic eruptions may cause the moon to assume a moody blue color.
38. The moon will be closest to the earth when the supermoon occurs in February.
39. There is nothing unusual about the super blood wolf moon, which will bear no resemblance to a
bloody wolf head.
40. The moon will appear orange when the light reflecting from it travels through an atmosphere
thicker than usual.
41. It is contrary to logic to claim the name of wolf moon originates from the cultures of American
Indians.
42. As the moon's orbit is not a hundred-percent circle, its distance from the earth changes.
43. A full moon in a given month or season gets a specific name in different cultures.
44. There are likely lots of people who know absolutely nothing about why the moon appears to
change its size regularly but act like they know.
45. When a full moon appears twice in the same month, it is nicknamed a blue moon.
6 • 8

----- PAGE 237 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on An swer
S h eet 2  with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
With population increases and global urbanisation ever accelerating, much attention is focused on
the sustainability of our cities and scarce attention is paid to the countryside.
Rural life is associated with closely-knit communities, sense of belonging, and a simple, tranquil
life. Yet whilst some or all of these elements exist in the countryside, so do conservatism and a lack
of employment opportunities. And it is mostly due to the latter that rural communities are suffering.
Attracted by the improved economics of urban areas, country-dwellers across the world are moving
out, contributing to the excessive crowdedness of densely populated cities, and leaving the
countryside in desolation.
So how can the countryside ensure its survival among these changes, or should it at all? Due to
both the distance between residences and facilities and often intermittent public transport, those living
in the countryside are heavier automobile users. Rural dwellers also use more energy maintaining their
mostly detached buildings. We may be piled up like boxes in the city, but this brings energy
efficiency that the countryside cannot match. Rural energy requirements result in higher carbon
emissions per person than in the city, so it is actually irresponsible to endorse such a lifestyle choice.
Protecting the countryside is a hot topic. Those who have made their fortunes in the city often
buy second homes in the countryside, visiting intermittently fbr a sample of a supposedly simple life.
The side-effect of this is that house prices are pushed up due to increased demand, leaving them
unaffordable fbr local people. A solution has yet to be found for this challenge, for market forces are
further forcing residents out of the countryside. For those who believe in rural preservation, this is
deplorable.
Whilst an idealised view of the countryside is common, the reality is that rural life has
continuously evolved. Industrialisation brought an increase in divisions of labour, changing social
links between rural people. The internet has introduced once foreign cultures into the countryside.
Improved travel connections and affordability have made the world more accessible, creating a
' global village) . Considering these changes, surely an evolving countryside is inevitable.
Perhaps the countryside should also prepare itself for massive population increases in the future.
With cities across the world growing rapidly, how will the current urban generation respond to the
inevitable social changes of mass urbanisation? Will the longing for a simpler life become stronger,
fueling a rural renaissance?
As the world continues to urbanise, the voices calling for rural preservation may well grow
6 • 9

----- PAGE 238 -----
louder. But change is inevitable. We know that the world is going to see new cities emerging from the
dust and current cities growing into megacities, but the future of the countryside is less clear.
46. What has become of the rural areas nowadays?
A) They are becoming somewhat deserted.
B) They are being increasingly urbanised.
C) They are closely-knit communities.
D) They are haunted by conservatism.
47. What does the author think of the rural lifestyle?
A) It is unlikely to survive given the on-going changes.
B) It is less energy-efficient compared to that in cities.
C) It is highly dependent upon heavy automobiles.
D) It is a choice more affluent people will endorse.
48. What does the author think of rich urban residents buying a second home in the countryside?
A) It is bound to mar the traditional rural life.
B) It adversely impacts rural social stability.
C) It hinders rural economies, revitalisation.
D) It is detrimental to rural preservation.
49. What do we learn about the countryside with industrialisation and technological advances?
A) It is destined to change gradually.
B) It will present an idealised way of life.
C) It is likely to embrace foreign cultures.
D) It will become increasingly diversified.
50. What does the author think of the future of the countryside compared with cities?
A) It is going to be harder for the locals.
B) It is going to resemble that of cities.
C) It is less likely to stay static.
D) It is less easy to envisage.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Statements, like 
beauty is in the eye of the beholder (观看者)are rarely questioned. They've
become so embedded in our consciousness that people think ifs absurd to think otherwise. It might be
useful, however, to at least push back on this assumption because people evaluate environment,
6 • 10

----- PAGE 239 -----
situations, and people aesthetically. We may find that we still believe it is correct, but we may also
find that there is a lot more to the situation than you suppose.
A recent study exploring aesthetic taste was published in Cognition. The results from this study
show that people agree very much in their aesthetic evaluation of natural objects, but they disagree
more about artifacts, or human-made objects.
The study found that shared taste was most common for faces and natural landscapes, but least
common among works of architecture and art. The hypothesis is the commonly pleasing features, like
proportion or symmetry, are at work.
Preferences for natural scenes might be learned through life experiences. Factors like habitability,
safety, and openness might be preferred as people develop. Some of the details of landscapes change,
but the basics are more common, e.g., water, open spaces, and signs of care.
Art and architecture, unlike natural spaces, do not have the same level of exposure. So, people
do not have the same level of shared taste.
Ifs possible that the lower amount of agreement in the shared taste of artifacts has to do more
with elements of style, rather than ' behavioral consequences?
All of the consequences seem reasonable (or at least possible), but I think there might be an
interesting philosophical conclusion that they did not draw. It seems that there is an objective ground
to our aesthetic preferences or evaluations. I am not saying this would mean beauty is completely
objective, just that there could possibly be general objective principles at work, i.e., beauty is not
simply in the eye of the beholder.
Nature exhibits some of the universal aesthetic features, such as radiance, in a common way
throughout the world. It's not exactly the same everywhere, but it is common. For example, a sunset
is similar enough in different places to warrant almost universal appeal.
Possible universal principles of beauty-
such as proportion, fittingness, radiance, and others一
are general categories, which allow for a wide array of embodiments. When people get involved in
making artifacts in architecture or art, they apply these very general concepts in unique ways. But the
way they applied the principle may not have universal appeal.
This is why it's important to experience diverse cultures and their artifacts because it opens us up
to different ways of approaching or constructing beauty. And it is always good to question our
assumptions.
51. What does the passage say about the statement “ beauty is in the eye of the beholder,, ?
A) It has hardly ever been disputed.
B) It can be interpreted aesthetically.
C) Many people have found it absurd.
D) People have long been misled by it.
6 • 11

----- PAGE 240 -----
52. What does a recent study exploring aesthetic taste show?
A) Aesthetic tastes tend to differ from person to person.
B) Natural beauty is rarely surpassed by artificial beauty.
C) There is less consensus on objects shaped by human craft.
D) There is general agreement on what is pleasing to the eye.
53. Why do people differ in their aesthetic appraisal of artifacts?
A) They come out in a great variety of designs.
B) They lead to varying behavioral consequences.
C) They take up much less natural space than landscapes.
D) They come into people's view less often than natural spaces.
54. What does the example of sunset tell about nature?
A) It creates a powerful appeal through its brilliant radiance.
B) It displays aesthetic traits in a similar way the world over.
C) It embodies beauty with a wide array of aesthetic features.
D) It establishes the principles of beauty in a number of ways.
55. Why do artifacts not always hold universal appeal?
A) The appreciation of their beauty is not subject to objective standards.
B) The universal principle of beauty prevents a wide array of embodiments.
C) The way their creators apply the principle of beauty may not be pleasing to everybody.
D) Their creators interpret the universal principle of beauty each in their preferred way.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this p a rt, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage fro m  Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A n s w e r S h e e t 2.
遨游太空历来是中华民族的梦想。2003年，神舟五号飞船发射成功,杨利伟成为第一个飞
人太空的中国宇航员。2008年,神舟七号升空，翟志刚成为中国历史上首位进行太空行走的宇
航员。近年来，中国航天进入创新发展“快车道”，太空基础设施建设稳步推进，中国空间站于
2022年全面建成。中国航天事业的迅速发展在中华民族的历史上写下了辉煌一页，也为人类
文明进步做出了巨大贡献。未来，中国探索太空的脚步将迈得更稳、更远。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 241 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “ To increase the likelihood of success, one should set realistic goals and
work persistently towards them. " You can make comments, cite examples or use
your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but
no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
——
姓
名
: ________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 242 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2024年12月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 243 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
l 
特别说明
l 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力
I 
第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致
4<<<八
八
<八
八
<八
<公
Part HI 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er S h eet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
With the rapid progress in the economy, it is natural that people's ideology is bound for change.
Being 
26 
is no longer a virtue to some people, and they are not alone in holding this view. Each
might have different viewpoints on how to lead one's lifestyle: some prefer simplicity, some love
luxuries, some spend 
27 
, some accumulate as much as they can like a country mouse. As I was
bom poor and in the countryside, the simple rural life seldom loses its 
28 
to me, but as my
station changes, I have an opportunity to 
29 
with the newly rich, an experience which has
revolutionized my view of lifestyle.
It is evil or sinful to spend little and to save much, an idea only recently being revealed to me.
Actually the whole world is in a 
30 
to borrow and to spend, with the USA leading the trend. The
USA is still the richest and most powerful country in the world, but the 
31 
is that they borrow
money from us. Though a 
32 
of economics, at least I know that investing with borrowed money
will turn the borrower into the 
33 
rather than the decent and kind lender. An apparent case is real
estate. Those who are 
34 
and have got loans from the bank become relatively rich by selling
their purchased home at a price several folds higher. Even education is not immune from this theory.
Many of those poor parents who have the vision to send their children to college have benefited from
this investment, even though they have to 
35 
a living. It is reasonable to conclude that spending
is praiseworthy, supposing it is not beyond your means.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 244 -----
A) appeal
B) extravagantly
C) intrinsically
D) irony
E) layman
F) literally
G) majestic
H) malicious
I) meadow
J) mingle
K) predator
L) rage
M) scrape
N) shrewd
O) thrifty
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2.
Are forgotten crops the future of food?
A) On a small fruit farm near the Straits of Malacca, Lim Kok Ann is down to just one tree growing
kedondong, a crunchy, sour berry that Malaysians mostly use in pickles ( 庵菜) and salads. "It's
not very well-known,“ says the 45-year-old, who is instead focusing on longan (龙目艮)berries
and pineapples, which have bigger markets. u We have to grow what is profitable,“ he says.
B) But less than an hour away in the Malaysian countryside, inside three giant, silver domes, scientists
are trying to change the future of food. They're pushing the boundaries of what humans eat by
growing and processing so-called ' alternative5 crops- such as kedondong. At the headquarters of
global research centre Crops For the Future (CFF) this particular under-used fruit has been turned
into a sugar-free juice, high in vitamin C and getting top marks in sensory evaluations. u Anything
you see here is a forgotten crop,“ says Sayed Azam-Ali of the abundant plants weaving through
the gardens of CFF outside Malaysia's capital Kuala Lumpur.
C) Prof Azam-Ali explains that just four crops- wheat, maize, rice and soybean- provide two-thirds
of the world's food supply. "We're dependent on these four/ he says. "But actually there's 7,000
crops we've been farming for thousands of years. We ignore all of those." Researchers are trying
to unlock the potential of these ignored crops- plants they describe as forgotten, under-used or
' alternative? as they are displaced by increasingly uniform diets fuelled by processed ingredients
from the major crops.
D) It's a timely quest. The food sector is already responsible for nearly a third of global greenhouse
gas emissions. By 2050 it estimates the world must produce 50% more food to feed the projected
global population of 10 billion. Meeting this demand without contributing to climate change calls
for urgent solutions.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 245 -----
E） Forgotten crops hold key answers. By investing in neglected local plants, countries can reduce
their reliance on imported crops and their carbon-heavy supply chains. Bringing back the variety
of crops humans once ate also boosts food security at a time warming climates threaten existing
crops. On top of that forgotten crops are among the most climate-resilient （具有气候韧，
性的）and
nutritious, argues Azam-Ali. His summary is plain: u Dietary diversification is critical to the future
of humanity.,,
F） Food security experts agree. u There is no food insecurity in the world, there is food ignorance,v
says Cecilia Tortajada, a senior research fellow at the Institute of Water Policy at the National
University of Singapore. " Whenever we have native crops we tend to disregard them as if they
were not valuable but they are,“ she adds.
G） Azam-Ali knows that scepticism firsthand. He came across alternative crops in the 1980s through
the work of women farmers he met in Niger. The then-PhD student remembers marvelling at the
crops they grew in their backyards, without the benefits of technology, to feed their families when
the big crops failed. He saw a tremendous opportunity to build alternative food systems. But "the
resistance was enormous,“ he recalls.
H） Undeterred, he ploughed on. Project after project helped prove these crops were viable in different
environments as alternatives to the staple ones. But the question of whether these crops would be
marketable remained.u Thafs the critical thing,“ he says. In one of the centre's domes, food
technologist Tan Xinlin uses powdered moringa （辣木）leaves in place of some wheat flour to
bake a cake lower in gluten （谷胶）and higher in nutrients. Tan's job is to create recipes with
these still-unfamiliar ingredients that will appeal to both local and international tastes. In recent
years she has used some of the forgotten crops grown at CFF, such as moringa and bambara
groundnut, to make everything from instant soup to Indian snacks. u I try to modernise forgotten
crops instead of using old recipes,“ says Tan, who is also a trained chef. It's a strategy to appeal
to the world's growing middle classes who are increasingly turning to the fast and processed food
industries. Ifs also a way to help counter perceptions of local crops as “ old or poor people's
fbod,, or as inferior “women's crops"，adds Tan.
I） The roots of these connotations about local foods can run deep. The bambara groundnut, a protein­
rich native crop of sub-Saharan Africa that is also grown in parts of southeast Asia, can trace its
marginalisation to colonial rule. " African women who grew bambara groundnut were actually
punished for growing it,“ says Azam-Ali. " Colonial powers said you can't grow that because
there's no oil. We can't get a market for it." But today the bambara murukku is one of CFF's best-
reviewed foods and they are aiming to get it into grocery stores, pointing to the success of crops
like quinoa to potential investors. Some 30 years ago, quinoa was virtually unheard of outside its
native mountains in Bolivia and Peru. Today the nutritious grain is found on the menus of lavish
restaurants across the world.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 246 -----
J) Measuring crops by nutrition instead of yield is at the heart of the forgotten foods enterprise. Ever
since the u green revolutionn of the 1960s, high-yielding crops have dominated modem agriculture.
That was in part a crucial response to devastating famines at a time when the world needed to
increase its food supply. Today u nutrition is becoming a time bomb"，says Azam-Ali, as growing
carbon dioxide levels strip crops of their minerals. Instead of bio-fortifying major crops we should
be investing in those forgotten crops that are already more nutritious, he asserts.
K) In the bowels of CFF's third dome, lab manager Gomathy Sethuraman opens a window into the
centre's "crown jewels"，revealing vines of winged beans growing under a bright yellow light. Ifs
one of multiple chambers where scientists are studying the impact of higher temperatures and
carbon dioxide levels on the nutritional make-up of alternative crops. This research is “ the game
changer"，says Azam-Ali, ensuring that ' future crops, are also the healthiest ones in warmer
climates.
L) There is a growing global momentum around forgotten foods, says Danielle Nierenberg, president
of Food Tank, a US-based think tank. Other than CFF, which bills itself as the world's first
research centre dedicated solely to under-utilised crops, there are other key groups championing
agricultural diversity including Crop Trust, Slow Food, Icrisat and Bioversity International. Add to
that more middle-income consumers searching for nutritious foods and others eager to try the
unprocessed foods their grandparents once ate, she says.
M) But the rising interest in forgotten foods in some quarters is overtaken by the global spread of
Western-style diets heavy in sugar, fat and processed foods in others.
N) A key obstacle to promoting fading local crops in Malaysia, for example, is “the obsession with
imported products"，says Jenifer Kuah, co-founder of a restaurant that champions locally-sourced
food in an affluent suburb of Kuala Lumpur. Customers at Sitka, regarded as a pioneer in the
country's small farm-to-table dining scene, still seek foreign ingredients as a u status symbol” ，she
says.
O) The argument for forgotten foods feels intuitive. Some analysts say it is in fact inevitable.
u Climate change is going to mean almost certainly tastes are going to be forced to change,“ says
Tim Lang, professor of food policy at City University of London. We “have to get used to eating
other crops“ as yields of staple crops fall, he says.
36. According to a senior researcher, we will have secure food supply if we rid ourselves of ignorance
about native crops.
37. Most of the world's food supply comes from a tiny number out of thousands of crops that have
been grown for centuries.
38. To provide their family with food when the staple crops failed, some African women farmers
grew local crops in their backyards.
6 • 4

----- PAGE 247 -----
39. High-yielding crops have occupied a dominant position in modem agriculture since the green
revolution in the last century.
40. Growing alternative crops proved feasible in a variety of environments, but the critical question
was whether they would be marketable.
41. According to a professor, when the yields of staple crops fall, we will have to adapt to eating
foods from alternative crops.
42. Urgent measures have to be taken to provide food for the projected world population without
aggravating the climate.
43. Colonial rule marginalised local crops by punishing Africans who grew them.
44. As existing crops are endangered by global warming, we can increase food security by bringing
back the many forgotten food crops.
45. Researchers are trying to find out how higher temperatures and CO2 levels affect the nutritional
composition of alternative crops.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sh eet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Imagine you're an alien sent to Earth to document the behaviour of the mammals inhabiting the
planet. You stumble into a movie theatre thafs showing the latest Hollywood horror film.
Several dozen humans are gathered together in a dark, undecorated room. They're all staring at a
rectangular area on which patterns of light change rapidly.
They are clearly in a state of high arousal. Their heart rate is elevated, they occasionally glance
around nervously, and they sometimes jump collectively in their seats, and emit high-pitched warning
calls.
Eventually, the lights come up and the rectangular screen goes black. The humans stand up and
leave the room, chatting and laughing, and showing signs of pleasure.
Why do these humans voluntarily expose themselves to what appears to be a deeply unpleasant
experience? And why do they react so strongly to those patterns of light on a screen?
I am fascinated with the paradox of horror- the strange fact that many people seek out scary
entertainment.
6 • 5

----- PAGE 248 -----
I think the answer to the puzzle lies in human nature.
My research suggests that we humans evolved to find pleasure in situations that allow us to
experience negative emotions in a safe context. You can see these elements of horror in children's games.
Take hide-and-seek for example, which is a simulation of a predator-prey interaction. The kid hides and
the adult pretends to be a predator, searching for the child while howling like a dangerous beast.
This simulation gives the child crucial information about how to avoid becoming prey, and
children tend to find that kind of activity deeply satisfying, presumably because it gives them a safe
experience of a potentially catastrophic scenario.
They find it pleasurable, and pleasure is evolution's way of motivating us toward adaptive behaviour.
Horror is pleasurable to many people because it lets us play with negative emotions and develop
coping strategies. We learn what it feels like to be truly afraid, and we learn how to handle negative
emotion.
How, then, does horror work? My research suggests that horror works by exploiting an ancient
set of biological defence mechanisms- an evolved fear system, which we share with other animals.
But humans are uniquely imaginative, and we use our evolved imagination to travel into virtual
worlds that are full of danger.
There are good reasons for watching a horror film, even if you're not a loyal horror fan. If you
make it through the film in one piece, you'll probably experience a strong sense of mastery, a sense that
you were able to make it through an appalling experience. Anyway, watching a horror film makes you
better at handling your own fear, and who knows when that will become critically relevant?
46. The alien finds the audience in the movie theatre clearly in a state o
f
.
A) total mindfulness 
C) spiritual elevation
B) extreme excitement 
D) intense curiosity
47. Why do many people seek out scary entertainment, according to the authofs research?
A) They gain experience in overcoming horror in real life.
B) They find joy in going through simulated horrible experiences.
C) They have learned from hide-and-seek as kids the thrill involved.
D) They have evolved to gain pleasure in escaping life-threatening situations.
48. What do children learn from hide-and-seek?
A) How to avoid falling prey to an attacker.
B) How to simulate a predator-prey interaction.
C) How to keep themselves from catastrophic errors.
D) How to turn a dangerous scenario into a safe one.
49. Why is horror gratifying to many people?
A) It reminds them of an ancient set of biological defence mechanisms.
B) It triggers their imagination to travel into dangerous virtual worlds.
C) It allows them to learn what fear feels like and how to tackle it.
D) It activates their evolved fear system and their unique fantasy.
6 ・ 6

----- PAGE 249 -----
50. What will one experience if they watch a horror film through without being hurt?
A) A strong sense of clear relevance. 
C) A profound sense of intense relief.
B) A profound sense of good fortune. 
D) A strong sense of being in control.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
An awakening has been taking place in the physical world against the beauty model that has been
dictated to us for years. But in the digital arena, social media determines what is considered beautiful.
The two opposing struggles are taking place in parallel. In the physical world, the struggle goes
against the underlying pressure exerted on women to conform to an unrealistic beauty ideal. As part
of the struggle, various media outlets have presented women whose bodies don't correspond to the so-
called ideal. All those women who had previously been excluded from the covers of magazines,
television series and the public agenda, have become “ legitimate." At the same time, a group of
influencers have begun to upload to social media photos of themselves without makeup, and even
photos in which they highlight supposed flaws.
Technology has reshaped our beauty ideal and is doing a great job communicating that message
to the masses. One of the bizarre legacies of the past decade is the popularity of the u cyborg look,“
which illustrates what Americans will look like in 2050.
The cyborg look spread rapidly. Today, however, the Instagram face has become the new beauty ideal.
The internalization of accepted beauty norms is much more effective when there is active
involvement in the learning process. The active involvement of users is reflected in the gamified (游
戏 d七的)interaction offered by the social media platforms- the ability to like, write a comment,
compare, share.
Once the desired beauty ideal has been internalized, users are given tools or features to change
their appearance to suit the accepted beauty ideal such as editing the image, choosing the ideal filter,
the right background.
A survey conducted in the United States revealed that more than 50% filter the images before
posting them. And you will not be surprised to hear that the majority of them are women. One of the
significant consequences of obsessive filtering is the emerging tendency to treat oneself as an object to
be observed and valued, in the same way another person observes and judges from the side.
The effect of the filters is already far beyond amiable amusement. The filters and the entire game
played on the networks affect the mental health of the users. According to a study, apps like
Instagram, Snapchat and FaceTune allow users to achieve a level of perfection that was previously
only observed in beauty magazines.
Even though humanity has always cherished beauty, in the last decade our obsession with looks
has reached an unprecedented peak. The time spent on social media creates an urge to achieve an
impossible beauty ideal so powerful that the only thing that can fix it is not cosmetic intervention, but
mental health care.
6 • 7

----- PAGE 250 -----
51. What do we learn about beauty in the digital arena?
A) It dictates the taste of digital media. 
C) It has ushered in a new awakening.
B) It has been in the making for years. 
D) It is defined by social media.
52. What does the passage say about beauty in the physical world?
A) Women are under constant pressure to keep up with beauty models.
B) Women are encouraged to pursue a beauty ideal that has never existed.
C) A fight is going on to remove pressure on women to conform to an absurd beauty ideal.
D) Media outlets have begun to present as beauty models trendy women without any makeup.
53. What do we learn from the passage about the Instagram face?
A) It is now regarded as the new beauty ideal.
B) It is what most women will go after in 2050.
C) It is being much talked about on social media.
D) It is a perfect illustration of the ultimate beauty.
54. What has obsessive filtering resulted in?
A) A good many women striving to reach an impossible level of perfection.
B) An urge to turn the entire game played on the network to one's advantage.
C) A tendency to regard one's body as an object of observation and judgment.
D) An increasing number of women filtering their images before uploading them.
55. What does the author want to emphasize at the end of the passage regarding Americans, obsession
with looks?
A) Cosmetic surgery should be made more accessible to the masses.
B) Psychological intervention should be introduced to alleviate it.
C) Their time spent on social media should be strictly controlled.
D) Its root cause should be meticulously examined and analyzed.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
北斗(Beidou)卫星导航系统的成功研制是中国自改革开放以来取得的一项重大科技成就。
研发人员经过不懈努力，攻克了一系列技术难题，北斗系统最终实现了全球覆盖和高精度定位,
使中国成为世界上少数几个独立拥有全球卫星导航系统的国家之一。北斗系统已广泛应用于
交通运输、灾害救援、天气预报、公共安全等诸多领域。北斗系统现在已经在国际上得到广泛认
可,开始为越来越多的国家和地区提供优质服务。
6 • 8

----- PAGE 251 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence 
College provides a great opportunity for students to explore various
possibilities and find the right path for themselves.n You can make comments, cite
examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at
least 150 words but no more than 200 words,
Yuu should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
— —
姓
名
: __________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 252 -----
大学英语六级考试2025年6 月真题（第一套）
 
五频
曰
狈
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “As
requirements for job applications are getting increasingly higher, college students ought to be better
prepared for their future career.95 You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to
develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Met the computer technician. 
C) Called the man's company.
B) Told the man about her trouble. 
D) Visited Alpha Maintenance.
2. A) Consulted someone in charge. 
C) Informed the central office at once.
B) Came as soon as possible. 
D) Designated an engineer to the case.
3. A) Frustration. 
C) Desperation.
B) Intimidation. 
D) Indignation.
4. A) Whether the contents have been backed up.
B) Whether they can find help somewhere else.
C) Whether all data stored on the hard drive has got lost.
D) Whether they need to wipe the system directories clean.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Ifs boring. 
C) Ifs a beautiful thing.
B) It's challenging. 
D) It's unlike most jobs.
6. A) Arbitrating between disagreeing solicitors. 
C) Buying and selling property.
B) Preventing disputes from escalating. 
D) Mediating land disputes.
7. A) Courts are intended for fixing major legal disputes.
B) Courts are getting too bureaucratic to function.
C) Courts can be frustrating and expensive.
D) Courts can be frightening and arbitrary.
8. A) The ability to make arguments in a unique way.
B) The skill of preventing conflicts between parties concerned.
C) The skill of foreseeing any potential stakes in their work.
D) The ability to express themselves clearly and forcefully.
1
• 2025年6 月六级真题（第一套）・

----- PAGE 253 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They looked into the relationship between one's prior knowledge and creativity.
B) They offered novel ways to help older adults to keep their memories from aging.
C) They proposed an explanation for old people's difficulty in retrieving memories.
D) They advanced a new model concerning human information storage and retrieval.
10. A) Young adults rely on memory while older adults keep notes as a reminder.
B) Older adults often retrieve irrelevant memories along with what they want.
C) Young adults accumulate knowledge much more quickly than older adults.
D) Older adults generally perform cognitive tasks much slower than young adults.
11. A) They show preserved, and sometimes enhanced, creativity.
B) They frequently suffer from disorderly crowded memories.
C) They can rely on their accumulated wisdom in an emergency.
D) They may well be served by forgetting their prior knowledge.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) They are actually proud of the goods and services they produce.
B) They are worried about being alienated from the outside world.
C) They are rarely in control of many things related to their work.
D) They are longing to share the profits made from their work.
13. A) The steady decrease in productivity. 
C) The feeling of being time poor.
B) The adverse effect on physical health. 
D) The rising economic inequality.
14. A) It alters the structure of work.
B) It puts jobs and wages at risk.
C) It liberates people from tedious and laborious work.
D) It creates new work opportunities in the IT industry.
15. A) Finding meaning in work. 
C) Improving relationships in the community.
B) Prioritizing life over work. 
D) Realizing one's social value in the workplace.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer sheet 1 with a single line
though the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Affect our attitude to novel tasks.
B) Distinguish us in the social world.
17. A) By pressing a hidden button.
B) By pushing a big button on top.
C) Outweigh IQ in importance.
D) Impact academic achievements.
C) By pressing two buttons at the same time.
D) By helping the babies push the right button.
・2025年6 月六级真题（第一套）・
2

----- PAGE 254 -----
18. A) Perform difficult tasks successfully just by observing how adults acted.
B) Make generalizable inferences about persistence from a few examples.
C) Adapt themselves to different social contexts.
D) Work hard to interact with experimenters.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Offering advice on overcoming habitual lateness.
B) Exemplifying various recreational opportunities.
20. A) Make the breakfast simpler.
B) Take the alarms seriously.
21. A) Finish the prior task 30 minutes earlier.
B) Keep ourselves from hitting a bump.
C) Scrutinizing individuals5 defining traits.
D) Suggesting ways fbr setting priorities.
C) Ready yourself in the early dawn.
D) Get prepared the night before.
C) Leave time in between activities.
D) Try to avoid possible hold-ups.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Their lifestyles vary.
B) Their traits vary.
23. A) They are not as willing to help strangers.
B) They are not as patient with one another.
24. A) It was practiced by Boston's founding fathers.
B) It is not deemed exotic by Proper Bostonians.
C) They have different customs.
D) They have different feels.
C) They violate traffic rules more frequently.
D) They become more easily irritated in public.
C) It was adopted by Boston's upper class.
D) It is not part of Boston's local culture.
25. A) Stick to its own way of showing courtesy to strangers.
B) Follow the examples set by Paris and New York City.
C) Learn from the world's major cities in promoting tourism.
D) Take pride in its history and adhere to its cultural tradition.
Part ID 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list o f choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
In her second year, Charlene Duong learned of the use of poisonous, synthetic pesticides on her college campus.
Shocked but not surprised, she knew she had to do something. Along with a couple of classmates, Charlene did a quick
web search and discovered a small but growing movement led by the organization, Herbicide-Free Campus (HFC), to
rid college campuses of artificial herbicides (灭草剂).They were 
26 .
Like many, Charlene experiences climate anxiety- a 
27 
fear of a climate catastrophe- and was, at the time,
looking for an 
28 
. When she discovered the HFC movement, she said she felt she “had found a specific area to
focus on that still fit into the larger picture of fighting for a healthier, safer, cleaner 
29 
for
Toxic herbicide use in university land care is not unique. Most institutions of higher education rely on synthetic
pesticides and fertilizers to achieve 
30 
goals. Having a ubeautifuF, campus means green and perfectly maintained
lawns along with flower beds and paved sidewalks. But these 
31 
managed campuses can come at a cost: increased
cancer risk, 
32 
waterways, poisoned wildlife and lifeless soil.
3
・2025年6 月六级真题（第一套）・

----- PAGE 255 -----
Pesticide use on college campuses also contributes to our global climate crisis. The use of chemicals to get rid of
insects or unwanted plant life can increase indirect 
33 . as they can include petroleum-based ingredients. Pesticide
use also decreases the life in soil, 
34 
the ability of soils to absorb carbon or retain water and thus reducing
campuses, ability to recover quickly from climate-related extreme weather events like droughts and floods.
Instead of using toxic chemicals, students working with HFC help out with 
35 
the campus grounds.
“This work reminds me to be in the present moment as I play my role in reducing herbicide use and keeping my
campus safe and healthy,says Charlene.
A) aesthetic
B) chronic
C) contaminated
D) conventionally
I) infringement
J) intrigued
K) juvenile
L) outlet
E) emissions
M) rotating
F) environment
N) vibrations
G) hampering
0) weeding
H) incidentally
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Why Your Library Is the Most Important Place in Town
A) Librarians know the value of their community services, and their patrons appreciate their importance as well.
But in an increasingly digital world, we see the role of libraries as community and cultural centers at times
undervalued. When shrinking municipal budgets combine with the nonstop technological revolution, public
library services that fbcus on building communities face-to-face, inspiring and educating patrons about art,
literature, and music, and helping patrons engage in civil discourse can seem old-fashioned. But it is precisely
those shrinking budgets and the assault of technologically mediated life that make public libraries? cultural
and community offerings more important than ever.
B) Many people point out the value public libraries bring to their communities. More than just books and banks
of computers, libraries are still places where individuals gather to explore, interact, and imagine. Some of the
specific ways in which libraries add value to our communities and serve as cultural centers for our patrons are
community builders, centers fbr the arts, and champions of youth. Libraries serve in these capacities and are
more than just about information.
C) As community builders libraries are engaged in incredible work. From tiny public libraries to huge
city institutions with multiple branches, libraries across the United States are building community and
supporting local culture in exciting ways. These are inspiring and hopefully will encourage librarians
interested in community services and cultural outreach to make connections with each other, share ideas,
and build partnerships. Supporters of libraries as community builders claim that unless you are out there
changing neighborhoods, you are not completing the work you are to do. Strengthening neighborhoods and
championing the cultural lives of communities are big responsibilities.
D) Place-based economic development stresses the importance of offering attractive, functional, and community-
,2025年6 月六级真题（第一套）・
4

----- PAGE 256 -----
based places, such as libraries, in town squares and depressed neighborhoods. Like a major department store
in a mall, libraries attract large numbers of people, creating economic opportunities for numerous businesses
and organizations in the surrounding area. Large cities, medium-sized ones, and even small towns have
successfully transformed their libraries into the hubs (才区纽)of vibrant neighborhoods.
E) As key municipal agencies, and focal points fbr community education, libraries are major players in creating
livable, environmentally friendly cities and towns. The Urban Libraries Council released a report detailing
the unique ways in which libraries can further sustainability at the local level. Beyond ensuring that library
construction projects consider environmental impact, libraries can take a lead in supporting local foods and
craftsmen, like the Peabody Institute Library's partnering with local businesses to pioneer a farmers5 market
in their courtyard, or the Richmond Public Library's seed lending library which "'nurtures locally-adapted
plant varieties, and fosters community resilience (韧'性),self-reliance and a culture of sharing.^^
F) Archives preserve historic artifacts, oral histories, digital history projects, and scholarly writings relevant
to the community, including minority groups. Communities lucky enough to have archivists have a great
advantage when it comes to organizing historical records and artifacts. An organized archive is a place
where people can research their ancestry and immigration history, do environmental research, and more.
An archivist is an advocate fbr preservation who, among other things, coordinates the restoration of maps
and paintings, the digitization of vital records, and the creation of oral history projects. With projects like
the Massachussets Memories Road Show and the Veterans History Project, evidence of the importance of
archives is everywhere.
G) In the words of Robert Putnam, “People may go to the library looking mainly fbr information, but they
find each other there.^^ New moms connect at baby story-times; elderly people, often facing difficult life
transitions, attend events and find that they make new friends; teenagers meet up in libraries, teen spaces
after school; and readers discuss current events in the periodicals room. In libraries, community-building
connections are happening all the time.
H) As Keith Richards said, “The public library is the great equalizer.^^ Despite the rising costs of concert and
theater tickets, public library events (including concerts, author visits, and gallery displays) are often offered
free of charge, enabling people of any income level to attend. In addition, library book groups allow people to
explore and discuss the literary arts, and the Great Stories Club introduces at-risk youth to literature. The best
part: it's all free and open to the public.
I) In a time when education is increasingly expensive, public libraries provide information and educational
opportunities free fbr all people, regardless of their socio-economic status. Offered by libraries across the
country, American Library Association's Lefs Talk about It programs are wonderful examples of scholar-
facilitated learning opportunities in libraries. In addition, many libraries present classes and discussion
programs, and some even provide online continuing education courses such as the Universal Class database.
J) Librarians know that patrons aren't just information consumers, they're information producers. Patrons use
the library to gain knowledge in order to create their own new and independent works. Increasing numbers of
libraries provide spaces and services that meet the needs of people who want to learn how to edit Wikipedia,
set up blogs or podcasts, create their own magazines, and so much more. Many libraries offer art or writing
workshops and groups, and some provide music practice rooms fbr patrons. Programs like ImaginOn in
Charlotte, North Carolina, provide exciting models that take community partnership, creativity, and creation
to a new level.
K) The decline of civil discourse stems in part from the fact that it is so easy fbr people to watch news about, buy
products from, and engage- in both the virtual and real worlds- only with those of similar backgrounds and
ideologies. Public libraries, through such programs as The Human Library and Socrates Cafe, can help build
5 
・2025年6月六级真题(第一套)・

----- PAGE 257 -----
small communities of difference that encourage people to interact with and learn from each other through
dialogue. By both actively promoting civil discourse through these programs, and modeling and upholding
the principles of free inquiry and expression for all, libraries help individuals rediscover the importance of
and increased need for civil discourse in American life.
L) Free tutoring, homework help programs, and summer reading programs for kids and teens help bridge the
economic divide that impacts students5 academic performance. The cost of hiring a private tutor is well
beyond what many library patrons can afford, so libraries offer homework help and tutoring online, by phone,
in person, and even through social media and homework apps. Annual summer reading programs also have a
positive impact on student performance and, according to a 2010 study conducted by Dominican University's
Graduate School of Library and Information Science, students5 reading skills get a boost from these popular
nationwide events.
M) Through library collections, programs, and physical spaces, children learn to share, to be engaged in their
communities, to participate in the arts, and to explore their immediate world and the world at large. There
are surely endless examples of innovative library services fbr children, including the Middle Country Public
Library's Nature Explorium, which engages children in learning about the natural world.
N) These examples are just a few of the many amazing things that public libraries around the United States (and
the world) are doing to build and maintain strong community connections. We encourage you to try some of
these ideas in your own libraries, and we hope that these ideas will help you be better able to convince your
community leaders of the important role that public libraries play in communities large and small.
36. People going to the library in search of information can build connections with each other there.
37. According to advocates of libraries as community builders, librarians are not doing their job well if they do
not change their communities.
38. With the costs of education continually rising, public libraries remain places where all people can have access
to education.
39. Libraries draw large crowds, thus creating lots of business opportunities in neighboring areas.
40. With the world more and more digitalized, people sometimes underestimate the role of libraries as community
and cultural centers.
41. Various programs organized by public libraries fbr children and adolescents help narrow the gap between
students from varying economic backgrounds.
42. In an organized archive, people can do research on their family history and find out how their ancestors came
to settle in the new land.
43. Public libraries organize cultural events, often allowing people of different income levels to attend free of
charge.
44. Besides being an information provider, the library performs many other important services for the
community.
45. Public libraries can help build small communities of people with different backgrounds and ideologies.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best
choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
•2025年6 月六级真题（第一套）・
6

----- PAGE 258 -----
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Nationally, one in six children miss 15 or more days of school in a year. Education officials have deplored
all this missed instruction.
These chronically absent students suffer academically because of all the classroom instruction they miss out
on. In 2015, the U.S. secretary of education responded to this crisis, urging communities to support every student
to attend every day and be successful in school. His open letter stated that missing 10% of school days in a year
fbr any reason- excused or unexcused- is a primary cause of low academic achievement.
Worrying about whether children attend school makes sense. After all, if students don't show up, teachers
can't teach them.
But what if America's attendance crisis is about much more than students missing class? What if, instead,
it is a reflection of family and community crises these students face- such as being ejected from the family
apartment, fearing fbr their safety in their neighborhood or suffering an illness?
As social scientists we investigated how excused and unexcused absences relate to children's academic
achievement.
We find that absences excused by a parent do little to harm children's learning. In fact, children with
no unexcused absences- but 15 to 18 excused absences- have test scores equal to their peers who have no
absences.
Meanwhile, the average child with even just one unexcused absence does much worse academically than
peers with none.
We believe unexcused absence is a strong signal of the many challenges children and families face,
including economic and medical hardships. Unexcused absences can be a powerful signal of how those out-of­
school challenges affect children's academic progress.
Our evidence suggests unexcused absences are problematic, but fbr a different reason than people often
think. Absence from school, and especially unexcused absence, matters mainly as a signal of many crises
children and their families may be facing. It matters less as a cause of lower student achievement due to missed
instruction.
How we choose to think of school absences matters for educational policy. School attendance policies
typically hold schools and families accountable for the days children miss, regardless of whether they were
excused or unexcused absences.
These policies assume that missing school for any reason harms children academically because they are
missing classroom instruction. They also assume that schools will be able to effectively intervene by reducing
student absences. We find neither to be the case.
As a result, these attendance policies end up disproportionately punishing families dealing with out-of­
school crises in their lives and pressuring schools who serve them to get students to school more often.
We instead suggest using unexcused absence from school as a signal to channel resources to the children and
families who need them most.
46. What does the U.S. secretary of education say in his open letter?
A) It is of vital importance to respond promptly to the school absence crisis.
B) The academic performance of chronically absent students is deplorable.
C) Low academic achievement is mainly attributed to school absences.
D) The effect of school absences on American education is worrisome.
7
•2025年6 月六级真题（第一套）♦

----- PAGE 259 -----
47. What do the authors find about school absences?
A) Excused school absences have little impact on children's learning.
B) There is little difference between unexcused and excused absences.
C) Excused absences lead to comparatively better school performance.
D) Unexcused absences are a big challenge to both schools and families.
48. What do the authors believe concerning unexcused school absences?
A) They are likely to cause a decrease in students5 academic achievements due to missed instruction.
B) They point directly to many of the out-of-school challenges confronting children and their families.
C) They are matters the American government typically ignores when formulating educational policies.
D) They give a clear signal to children and their families of the crises they are likely to face in the future.
49. What is the assumption underlying education policies in the U.S.?
A) Children's academic performance depends on reducing the number of absences.
B) Schools can boost children's academic performance by effective intervention.
C) Schools as well as families should be held responsible for out-of-school crises.
D) Children's academic performance is closely related to the quality of instruction.
50. What do the authors suggest doing regarding school absences?
A) Identifying their underlying causes. 
C) Directing resources to helping needy children.
B) Refraining school attendance policies. 
D) Pressuring schools to reduce unexcused ones.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
After earning a bachelor's degree, I was determined to do what I love. I headed straight to graduate school to
investigate the social problems that fascinated me.
For almost a decade, I told everyone I encountered that they should do the same. ""Follow your passion," I
counseled. 4"You can figure out the employment stuff later.^^
It wasn't until I began to research this widely accepted career advice that I understood how problematic it
really was.
As a sociologist, I interviewed college students and professional workers to learn what it really meant to
pursue their dreams, which I will refer to here as the passion principle. I was stunned by what I found out about
this principle in the research for my new book.
Surveys show the American public has long held the passion principle in high regard as a career decision­
making priority. And its popularity is even stronger among those facing job instability.
Advocates of the passion principle found it compelling because they believed that following one's passion
can provide workers with both the motivation necessary to work hard and a place to find fulfillment.
Yet, what I found is that following one's passion does not necessarily lead to fulfillment, but is one of the
most powerful cultural forces perpetuating overwork. I also found that promoting the pursuit of one's passion
helps perpetuate social inequalities due to the fact that not everyone has the same economic resources to allow
them to pursue their passion with ease.
While the passion principle is broadly popular, not everyone has the necessary resources to turn their passion
into a stable, good-paying job. Passion-seekers from wealthy families are better able to wait until a job they
are passionate about comes along without worrying about student loans in the meantime. They are also better
situated to take unpaid internships to get their foot in the door while their parents pay their rent. And they often
have access to parents5 social networks to help them find jobs. Surveys revealed that working-class and first-
generation college graduates, regardless of their career field, are more likely than their wealthier peers to end up
in low-paying unskilled jobs when they pursue their passion.
・
 2025年6月六级真题(第一套)・ 
8

----- PAGE 260 -----
Colleges, workplaces and career counselors who promote the “follow your passion^^ path for everyone,
without leveling the playing field, help perpetuate socioeconomic inequalities among career aspirants.
Ifs not just well-off passion-seekers who benefit from the passion principle. Employers of passionate
workers do, too. Potential employers showed greater interest in passionate applicants in part because they
believed the applicants would work hard at their jobs without expecting an increase in pay. They even sacrifice a
good salaryjob stability and leisure time to work in a job they love.
51. What did the author advise people do for almost a decade?
A) Figure out what is the most fascinating job. 
C) Pursue their careers with passion.
B) Follow widely accepted career counsel. 
D) Do whatever they are zealous for.
52. How did the author feel about the passion principle through his research?
A) He was astonished by its consequences. 
C) He was actually right to follow it through.
B) He was further convinced of its soundness. 
D) He was struck by its broad popularity.
53. What is important to turning one's passion into a stable, good-paying job?
A) Willingness to take unpaid internships and low-paying jobs.
B) Full academic preparedness and sound career counseling.
C) Hard work and sacrifice of leisure time.
D) Financial backing and social connections.
54. What happens when everyone is encouraged to follow their passion?
A) Many more career aspirants end up unemployed.
B) People are less concerned with socioeconomic inequality.
C) Socioeconomic inequality is likely to persist.
D) Career counselors are going to lose credibility.
55. What does the author say about employers of passionate workers?
A) They provide these workers with job stability and a good salary.
B) They exploit these workers5 passion to benefit themselves.
C) They level the playing field for these workers to reach their goals.
D) They encourage these workers to realize their aspirations.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
天宫空间站(Tiangong Space Station ) 是中国首个太空实验室，拥有110多立方米使用空间，可
驻留三名宇航员，在距地球表面400-450公里的轨道上运行。天宫空间站已实施180多个科学研究与
应用项目，涉及空间生命科学、太空医学、空间材料科学等领域。天宫空间站的研究成果在我国得到
了广泛应用，产生了显著的经济效益。例如，太空育种创造的直接经济效益高达数千亿元。这不仅标
志中国在航天技术上取得了巨大进步，也表明中国为全球的太空研究和应用做出了重大贡献。
9
・2025年6 月六级真题（第一套）・

----- PAGE 261 -----
大学英语六级考试2025年6 月真题（第二套）
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “As social
media is used more and more extensively, there is a growing awareness of the importance of using it
properly and responsibly." You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop
your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence giypn in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) They have to make a choice by the end of the day.
B) Both candidates are very keen on getting the job.
C) They hold different views on the procedure.
D) Both candidates are quite competitive.
2. A) Both Rachel and Peter came across as respectful and professional.
B) Rachel scored moderately higher grades than Peter at school.
C) Both Rachel and Peter excelled in their academic pursuit.
D) Peter appeared slightly stronger than Rachel physically.
3. A) His use of body language. 
C) His unusual state of mind.
B) His accumulation of experience. 
D) His knowledge about the company.
4. A) Compare the candidates side by side again. 
C) Find a way to break the tie next time.
B) Ask the board to cast the deciding vote. 
D) Let John make the final decision.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) The private label "L'Orange”.
B) The woman's latest collection.
6. A) Something reflecting the social norms.
B) Something meeting public expectations.
C) This season's new fashion.
D) The head designer's role.
C) Something slightly absurd.
D) Something a bit ambiguous.
7. A) Merge styles often at opposite ends of the fashion spectrum.
B) Learn from the designs of the Asian rural mountain villagers.
C) Make velvet capes look both majestic and masculine.
D) Draw intricate patterns onto a traditional power suit.
8. A) Obtaining the woman's signature.
B) Seeing the woman's new creations.
C) Incorporating indigenous aspects into his work.
D) Sharing more ideas with the woman next time.
・2025年6 月六级真题（第二套），
10

----- PAGE 262 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They could readily recognize their owner simply by looking.
B) They could understand the implications of human commands.
C) They could be domesticated to act as our companions.
D) They could follow pointing gestures without training.
10. A) Cultivating them to be intelligent creatures.
B) Training them to behave like domesticated dogs.
C) Understanding how humans impact their behavior.
D) Taking measures to reduce their numbers.
11. A) Tame them through repeated training. 
C) Make them responsive to our commands.
B) Treat them with sensitivity and respect. 
D) Watch their behavior and try to improve it.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) The temperature inside it varies from place to place.
B) Proper placement facilitates access to food products.
C) Its different shelves are designed for different purposes.
D) The space in an average fridge changes from top to bottom.
13. A) To slow the rising of temperature in it.
B) To provide a big box of evenly cold air.
14. A) On the top shelf.
B) In the middle section.
15. A) They will be extra-chilly.
B) They will be hard to defrost.
C) To prevent germs from growing quickly.
D) To keep the food cold as long as possible.
C) On the inside of its doors.
D) At the back of its bottom shelf.
C) They will be contaminated.
D) They will be ruined.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer sheet 1 with a single line
though the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Chronic depression.
B) Growing feebleness.
17. A) It feels real and relevant.
B) It contributes to psychology.
18. A) By bringing together experts old and young.
B) By counting on advanced modem technology.
C) Hip fracture.
D) Fatal infections.
C) It outcompetes lots of academics5 research.
D) It wins recognition outside of Birmingham.
C) By making full use of her expertise.
D) By combining multiple perspectives.
11
,2025年6 月六级真题（第二套）・

----- PAGE 263 -----
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They don't teach basic organization.
B) They don't focus on teaching techniques.
20. A) It's unique to celebrity chefs.
B) It's a way of transformation.
21. A) Respect others so as to be respected.
B) Use time and resources in a wise way.
C) They attach little importance to recipes.
D) They hire very few distinguished chefs.
C) Ifs too demanding for them.
D) It's a way of life to them.
C) Cultivate a habit of self-discipline.
D) Learn from philosophers earnestly.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) The motive for hard work. 
C) The basis for self-improvement.
B) The reason for stagnation. 
D) The justification fbr self-confidence.
23. A) Feel confidence, happiness and satisfaction. 
C) Use a key tool for setting ambitious goals.
B) Believe they have achieved their life goals. 
D) Stop imagining further progress in life.
24. A) We feel we are always falling behind others.
B) We have to adapt to the ever-changing goal.
C) There are various misconceptions about goal setting.
D) There are always problems with the goal originally set.
25. A) A noticeable change in the number of goals to achieve.
B) Measuring always against the gap rather than the gain.
C) Measuring where we've come from instead of measuring against the goal.
D) A proper conception of what we fail to notice in trying to achieve our goals.
Part ID 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word far each blank
from a list o f choices given in a word bank fallowing the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter: Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
No beast on Earth is tougher than the tiny tardigrade (缓步类动物).It can 
26 
being frozen at -272°
Celsius, being exposed to the vacuum of outer space and even being 
27 
with 500 times the dose of X-rays
that would kill a human. In other words, the creature can endure conditions that don't even exist on Earth. And
researchers are looking to the microscopic animals to learn how to prepare humans and crops to handle the 
28 
of
space travel.
The tardigrade^ indestructibility stems from its 
29 
to its environment- which may seem surprising,
since it lives in 
30 
comfortable places, like the cool, wet patches of moss (青苔)that dot a garden wall.
But it turns out that a tardigrade5s damp, mossy home can dry out many times each year. Drying is
pretty 
31 
for most living things. It does damage to cells in some of the same ways that freezing, vacuum and
radiation do. Tardigrades, however, have 
32 
special strategies for dealing with these kinds of damage.
As a tardigrade dries out, its cells produce several strange proteins that are unlike anything found in other animals.
In water, the proteins are shapeless. But as water disappears, the proteins self^assemble into long fibers that
fill the celfs 
33 
. The fibers support the cell's membranes (细胞膜)and proteins, preventing them from
breaking or 
34 .
•2025年6 月六级真题（第二套）・
12

----- PAGE 264 -----
Emulating tardigrades could one day help humans colonize outer space. Food crops could be engineered to
produce tardigrade proteins, allowing these organisms to grow more efficiently on spacecraft where levels of radiation
are elevated compared with on Earth.
So if humans ever succeed in reaching the stars, they may accomplish this 
35 
, in part, by standing on the
shoulders of the tiny eight-legged endurance specialists in your backyard.
A) adaptations
I) rigors
B) blasted
J) seemingly
C) catastrophic
K) survive
D) evolved
L) tempt
E) feat
M) thrill
F) interior
N) unanimously
G) probing
O) unfolding
H) recurrence
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one o f the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Yes, eating meat affects the environment, but cows are not killing the climate
A) As the scale and impacts of climate change become increasingly alarming, meat is a popular target for action.
Advocates for the protection of the natural environment from destruction or pollution urge the public to eat
less meat. Some activists have even called for taxing meat to reduce consumption of it.
B) A key claim underlying these arguments holds that globally, meat production generates more greenhouse
gases than the entire transportation sector. However, this claim is demonstrably wrong, as I will show. And its
persistence has led to false assumptions about the linkage between meat and climate change.
C) My recent research focuses on ways in which animal agriculture affects air quality and climate change. In my
view, there are many reasons for either choosing animal protein or opting for a vegetarian selection. However,
abandoning meat and meat products is not the environmental panacea (万灵药)many would have us believe.
And if taken to an extreme, it also could have harmful nutritional consequences.
D) A healthy portion of meafs negative reputation centers on the assertion that livestock is the largest source
of greenhouse gases worldwide. For example, an analysis published in 2009 by the World Watch Institute
based in Washington, D.C. asserted that 51 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions come from rearing
and processing livestock. According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the largest sources of U.S.
greenhouse gas emissions in 2016 were electricity production (28 percent of total emissions), transportation
(28 percent) and industry (22 percent). All of agriculture accounted for a total of 9 percent, but all of
animal agriculture contributes less than half of this amount, representing 3.9 percent of the total greenhouse
emission in the U.S. That is very different from claiming that livestock represents as much as or more than
transportation.
E) Why is there such a misconception? In 2006 the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO)
published a study titled “Livestock's Long Shadow,“ which received widespread international attention. It
stated that livestock produced a staggering 18 percent of the world's greenhouse gas emissions. The agency
13
•2 0 2 5年6 月六级真题（第二套）・

----- PAGE 265 -----
drew a startling conclusion that livestock was doing more to harm the climate than all modes of transportation
combined. This latter claim was wrong, and has since been corrected by Henning Stenfeld, the reporfs senior
author.
F) The problem was that analysts from the FAO used a comprehensive life-cycle assessment to study the climate
impact of livestock, but a different method when they analyzed transportation. For livestock, they considered
every factor associated with producing meat. This included emissions from fertilizer production, converting
land from forests to pastures, growing feed, and direct emissions from animals (manure as well as expelling
of gas from the stomach) from birth to death.
G) However, when they looked at transportation's carbon footprint, they ignored impacts on the climate from
manufacturing vehicle materials and parts, assembling vehicles and maintaining roads, bridges and airports.
Instead, they only considered the exhaust smoke emitted by finished cars, trucks, trains and planes. As a
result, the FAO's comparison of greenhouse gas emissions from livestock to those from transportation was
greatly distorted.
H) I pointed out this flaw during a speech to fellow scientists in San Francisco on March 22, 2010, which led to a
flood of media coverage. To its credit, the FAO immediately owned up to its error. Unfortunately, the agency's
initial claim that livestock was responsible fbr the lion's share of world greenhouse gas emissions had already
received wide coverage. To this day, we struggle to “unring“ the bell. In its most recent assessment report,
the FAO estimated that livestock produces 14.5 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions from human
activities. There is no comparable full life-cycle assessment fbr transportation. However, as Stenfeld has
pointed out, direct emissions from transportation versus livestock can be compared and amount to 14 versus 5
percent, respectively.
I) Many people continue to think that avoiding meat as infrequently as once a week will make a significant
difference to the climate. But according to one recent study, even if Americans eliminated all animal protein
from their diets, they would reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by only 2.6 percent. According to our
research at the University of California, Davis, if the practice of Meatless Monday were to be adopted by all
Americans, we'd see a reduction of only 0.5 percent.
J) Moreover, technological, genetic and management changes that have taken place in U.S. agriculture over the
past 70 years have made livestock production more efficient and less greenhouse gas-intensive. According
to the FAO's statistical database, total direct greenhouse gas emissions from U.S. livestock have declined by
11.3 percent since 1961, while production of livestock meat has more than doubled.
K) Demand fbr meat is rising in developing and emerging economies, especially in the Middle East, North
Africa and Southeast Asia. For example, raising livestock such as goats in Kenya is an important source of
food and income fbr many small-scale farmers and herders. But meat consumption per person in these regions
still lags that of developed countries. In 2015, average annual meat consumption per person in developed
countries was 92 kilograms, compared to 24 kilograms in the Middle East and North Africa and 18 kilograms
in Southeast Asia. Still, given projected population growth in the developing world, there will certainly be an
opportunity fbr countries such as the United States to bring their sustainable livestock rearing practices to the
table.
L) Removing animals from U.S. agriculture would lower national greenhouse gas emissions to a small degree,
but it would also make it harder to meet people's nutritional requirements. Many critics of animal agriculture
are quick to point out that if farmers raised only plants, they could produce more pounds of food and more
calories per person. But humans also need many essential micro- and macro-nutrients fbr good health. It's
hard to make a compelling argument that the United States has a calorie deficit, given its high national rates
,2025年6 月六级真题（第二套）・
14

----- PAGE 266 -----
of adult and child obesity. Moreover, not all plant parts are edible or desirable. Raising livestock is a way to
add nutritional and economic value to plant agriculture.
M) As one example, the energy in plants that livestock consume is most often contained in cellulose (纤维素),
which is indigestible fbr humans and many other mammals. But cows, sheep and other ruminant (反刍的)
animals can break cellulose down and release the solar energy contained in this vast resource. According
to the FAO, as much as 70 percent of all agricultural land globally is range land that can only be utilized as
grazing land fbr ruminant livestock.
N) The world population is currently projected to reach 9.8 billion by 2050. Feeding this many people will raise
immense challenges. Meat is more calorie-dense per serving than vegetarian options, and ruminant animals
largely thrive on feed that is not suitable fbr humans. Raising livestock also offers much-needed income fbr
small-scale farmers in developing nations. Worldwide, livestock provides a livelihood fbr 1 billion people.
O) Climate change demands urgent attention, and the livestock industry has a large overall environmental
footprint that affects air, water and land. These, combined with a rapidly rising world population, give us
plenty of compelling reasons to continue to work fbr greater efficiencies in animal agriculture. I believe the
place to start is with science-based facts.
36. The FAO concluded that farm animals were producing more greenhouse gases than all modes of
transportation combined.
37. Consumption of meat per person in developing countries is much less than that in countries like the U.S.
38. The FAO was worthy of praise in that it admitted its mistake once it was pointed out.
39. Environmentalists try hard to make people consume less meat to combat climate change.
40. Recent research has shown that even if Americans quit eating meat altogether, the resulting reduction of
greenhouse gases in the U.S. would be slight.
41. More than half of the world's farmland is suitable only for animals like cows to graze on.
42. The allegation that form animals produce the world's largest portion of greenhouse gases is responsible fbr
meafs bad reputation.
43. Raising farm animals makes it easier to meet people's nutritional needs.
44. The author doesn't believe giving up meat and meat products will be a cure-all fbr the environmental
problem.
45. Changes in America's farming technology and management in the past decades have increased efficiency and
reduced greenhouse gas emissions in meat production.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best
choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Why are we so worried about our careers? Partly ifs to do with money, but there's a psychological aspect to
our fears as well.
We worry because we suspect- not wrongly- that the world is full of a frightening sort of person ready to
judge us ruthlessly and swiftly: a person we can call a snob.
15
・2025年6 月六级真题（第二套）・

----- PAGE 267 -----
A snob is anyone who takes a relatively small part of us and uses it to come to a rigid conclusion about how
much of their attention we deserve. In the past, that might be your ancestry and royal connections. Nowadays,
the snob cares about one thing only: what you do fbr a living.
This explains why the first question we will be asked in any new social context is 'What do you do?' and
according to how we answer, snobs will either welcome us with broad smiles, or leave us in the cold.
And that is why we are fired up by such a desperate urge to achieve and impress.
Sometimes our behaviour is mistaken fbr greed and vanity, but it is more than this. A lot of our interest
in fancy cars, jobs and houses has nothing to do with materialism. It has to do with a hunger fbr the respect
and esteem that is only available in our societies through the acquisition of material goods. It isn't the goods
themselves we seek, it is the love we stand to gain through our possession of them. The next time we see
someone driving a Ferrari, we shouldn't condemn them fbr their greed, we should pity them fbr the intensity of
their need fbr love from the world.
At the root of snobbery is a lack of imagination and confidence about how to decide who in the world is
valuable. The snobs are brutally misguided and slavish in their beliefs about how the superior individuals can be
identified. For snobs, it is the already acclaimed and already successful who are the only ones worthy of respect.
There is no room in their timid regimented minds to imagine that someone might be clever, kind or good- and
yet somehow have been overlooked entirely by society, their qualities lying hidden beneath an unfamiliar veil,
and having as yet discovered no obvious outlet.
The true answer to snobbery is not to say that there is no such thing as a better or worse person, but to insist
that better or worse exist in constantly unexpected places and carry none of the outward signs of distinction. And
because we are such poor judges of the worth of others, our ultimate duty remains to be kind, good, curious and
imaginative about pretty much everyone who ever crosses our path.
46. What gives rise to our worry about careers apart from money?
A) Fear of being judged in a snobbish manner. 
C) The ruthless way employees are often treated.
B) The prospect of facing fault-finding managers. 
D) Fright at the difficulty in hunting fbr a job.
47. What do we learn from the passage about today's snobs?
A) They try hard to dig into a person's past. 
C) They judge a person by their occupation.
B) They draw a rigid conclusion about people. 
D) They tend to place people in a social context.
48. What does the author say about people's interest in material goods?
A) It is the cause fbr condemnation of their greed.
B) It has a lot to do with the comforts they provide.
C) It arouses pity rather than respect from the wealthy.
D) It arises from their craving fbr social recognition.
49. What kind of people do snobs deem worth respect and esteem?
A) Those with fame and fortune. 
C) Those with intelligence and imagination.
B) Those with regimented minds. 
D) Those with qualities lying hidden in disguise.
50. What does the author imply we should do to avoid being snobbish?
A) Be aware there has never been such a thing as a better or worse person.
B) Be kind to and curious about those who we happen to meet in our lives.
C) Realize that better or worse keeps changing in unexpected ways.
D) Judge people on the basis of their distinctive character traits.
•2 0 2 5年6 月六级真题（第二套）・
16

----- PAGE 268 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Women have historically been paid less. But in the US in the 1980s, they began to catch up—fast. During
that decade, the gender pay gap closed by about one percentage point a year. Had that trend continued, the gender
wage gap would have been closed by 2017.
But the trend didn't continue, and the gap remains yawning.
According to a new study from academics at Harvard, the stagnation can be put down, perhaps
counterintuitively, to the introduction of state and federal family leave policies.
The academics argue that during the 1990s, as governments began to introduce leave policies, it was mainly
women who took advantage of them. Though the leave policies might have helped those women to stay in the
workplace- instead of dropping out to have families- those who returned saw their wages had increased at
lower rates than the men.
After family leave was introduced in the US, in fact, the rate of gender wage convergence fell to just 0.03
percentage points per year, and has remained there ever since.
Those monitoring the process towards salary equity at work have long watched as progress slowed in many
countries around the world. In fact, that progress began to reverse during the pandemic (大流行病).
The gender pay gap is one of the most outstanding examples of that lack of parity (平等)，and still exists
just about everywhere. The motherhood penalty has become a shorthand fbr describing why: In many places,
especially rich countries, women earn the same as men until they reach their childbearing years. Women who
have children begin to see their salaries slip behind their male counterparts.
Part of this is because women take on more of the unpaid labor at home, which can eat into time available
fbr work and energy fbr career advancement. But ifs also because mothers are passed over fbr raises and
promotion, and because time out of the workplace sets women back, even if that time is taken voluntarily, and
supported by company or government policy.
What would have happened if leave policies hadn't been introduced? The study doesn't go into that question,
other than to say that if the 1980s trend continued, we would have been at parity by now.
It's possible, however, that the journey towards wage parity would have stalled either way. If women5s gains
in the 1980s were made through the erasure of things like bias, once those less uncontrollable problems had been
addressed, there would still have been an issue with women- who are the ones to bear children and take care of
them in the early weeks because of biological factors like the ability to breastfeed, forcing them to take breaks,
whether or not those breaks were mandated.
51. What do we learn about the gender pay gap in the US during the 1980s?
A) It was being slowly closed. 
C) It started to yawn.
B) It was shrinking rapidly. 
D) It remained substantial.
52. What happened with the introduction of state and federal family leave policies?
A) The process towards salary equity at work began to reverse.
B) The rate of gender wage convergence started to fall noticeably.
C) The trend of women returning to work after childbirth started.
D) The narrowing of the gender pay gap attracted more attention.
53. What partly accounts fbr the slip in women's salaries?
A) The insufficient motivation women generally have fbr career advancement.
B) The opportunities numerous women give up fbr pay raise and promotion.
17
• 2025年6 月六级真题（第二套）・

----- PAGE 269 -----
C) The huge amounts of time and energy women spend taking care of the family.
D) The lack of policy support from government and business corporations.
54. What does the new study say about wage parity?
A) It would have stalled if those controllable problems had not been addressed.
B) It would have halted if company and government had not worked together.
C) It would have been achieved with the complete erasure of gender biases.
D) It would have been attained with the continuation of the 1980s trend.
55. What prevents women from achieving parity with men in the final analysis?
A) Ignoring biases against women in the workplace. C) Failing to mandate breaks for childbirth and care.
B) Giving birth to children and taking care of them. 
D) Lacking resources to address biological problems.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
粤港澳大湾区( Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area) 具有得天独厚的地理位置，拥有
完善的交通基础设施和丰富的产业资源。大湾区是中国开放程度最高、经济活力最强的区域之一，在
国家经济发展中具有重要的战略地位。大湾区不仅将建成充满活力的世界级城市群和具有全球影响力
的国际科技创新中心，还将打造成适合工作、购物、旅游的优质生活圈。随着改革开放的不断深入，
大湾区的建设将进一步推动区域经济发展。到2035年，大湾区将实现成为国际一流湾区的目标。
・2025年6 月六级真题(第二套)・
18

----- PAGE 270 -----
大学英语六级考试2025年6 月真题( 第三套)
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “With the
increasing application of AI technology, there is a growing concern that it may negatively impact human
creativity.You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
特别说明：由于多题多卷，官方第三套真题的听力试题与第一套真题的一致，只是选项顺序不同，因此，
本套试卷不再提供听力部分。
Part in 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list o f choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter: Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
The slow progress of women in elective office is frustrating for some political observers and experts一
including myself. Achieving gender equality in Congress is an important goal. This is because the number of
women involved in legislative decisions has significant 
26 for all the policies that governments 
27 . Female
legislators are more likely than men to introduce, speak about and work to pass policies that disproportionately
affect women and girls, such as paid family leave, pay 
28 and gender-based violence.
Having more women in Congress also fosters a greater sense of connection between female voters and
government. In addition, it 
29 
women's sense that government cares about their concerns and inspires young
women to become more politically engaged.
While women are underrepresented in governments around the globe, it is a particularly 
30 
problem
in the United States. Cunently, the U.S. ranks 73rd in the world when it comes to female representation in
government.
But the reason women are so 
31 
underrepresented in U.S. government is not because they face resistance
from voters or struggle to raise money. On the contrary, decades of research shows that female candidates raise as
much money and win as often as male politicians with similar 
32 .
Rather, the slow progress of women in politics is a tale of two political parties.
In the next Congress, there will be 107 female Democratic lawmakers and 42 female Republican lawmakers
in the Senate and House combined.
In order for women to gain half of the seats in Congress, more women need to run, 
33 
on Republican
tickets. This will require the Republican Party as a whole to 
34 
recruiting women- and not just for one
election cycle, but in a 
35 
way.
19
・2025年6 月六级真题（第三套）・

----- PAGE 271 -----
A) bolsters
I) formidable
B) consequences
J) impetus
C) credentials
K) lavish
D) dramatically
L) prioritize
E) enact
M) suffices
F) equity
N) sustained
G) especially
H) evasively
0) tenured
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
The Benefits of Solitude
A) I can be a reluctant socialiser. I'm sometimes secretly pleased when social plans are called off. I get restless
a few hours into a hangout. I even once went on a free 10-day silent meditation (冥想)retreat- not for the
meditation, but for the silence.
B) So I can relate to author Anneli Rufus, who wrote in Party of One: The Loners 'Manifesto,. "When parents on TV
shows pxmished their kids by ordering them to go to their rooms, I was confused. I loved my room. Being there
behind a locked door was a treat. To me a punishment was being ordered to play games with my cousin Louis.”
C) Unsocial tendencies like these are often far from ideal. Abundant research shows the harms of social isolation,
considered a serious public health problem in countries that have rapidly ageing populations (though talk of
a 'loneliness epidemic7 may be exaggerated). In the UK, the Royal College of General Practitioners says that
loneliness has the same risk level for premature death as diabetes. Strong social connections are important for
cognitive functioning, motor function and a smoothly running immune system.
D) This is especially clear from cases of extreme social isolation. Examples of people kept in captivity, children
kept isolated in abusive orphanages, and prisoners kept in solitary confinement all show how prolonged
solitude can lead to hallucinations (幻觉)and other forms of mental instability.
E) But these are severe and involuntary cases of aloneness. For those of us who just prefer plenty of alone time,
emerging research suggests some good news: there are upsides to being alone- for both our work lives and
our emotional well-being.
F) Solitude is a time for reflection, for thinking about things more deeply. In a world increasingly focused on
speed and competitiveness, solitude is precious and something to be treasured. And there are benefits in
learning to love your solitude.
G) One key benefit of solitude is improved creativity. Gregory Feist, who focuses on the psychology of
creativity at California^ San Jose State University, has defined creativity as thinking or activity with two key
elements: originality and usefulness. He has found that personality traits commonly associated with creativity
are openness (receptiveness to new thoughts and experiences), self-confidence, and autonomy- which may
include “a lack of concern for social norms^^ and “a preference for being alone”. In fact, Feisfs research
on both artists and scientists shows that one of the most prominent features of creative folks is their lesser
interest in socialising.
H) One reason for this is that such people are likely to spend sustained time alone working on their craft.
Plus, Feist says, many artists “are trying to make sense of their internal world and a lot of internal personal
experiences that they're trying to give expression and meaning to through their art." Solitude allows for the
reflection and observation necessary for that creative process.
・2025年6 月六级真题（第三套）­
20

----- PAGE 272 -----
I) A recent justification of these ideas came from University at Buffalo psychologist Julie Bowker, who
researches social withdrawal. Social withdrawal is usually categorised into three types: shyness caused by fear
or anxiety; avoidance, from a dislike of socialising; and unsociability, from a preference for solitude. A paper
by Bowker and her colleagues was the first to show that a type of social withdrawal could have a positive
effect—they found that creativity was linked specifically to unsociability. They also found that unsociability
had no correlation with aggression (shyness and avoidance did). This was significant because while previous
research had suggested that unsociability might be harmless, Bowker and colleagues, paper showed that it
could actually be beneficial. Unsociable people are likely to be “having just enough interaction,Bowker
says. <uThey have a preference for being alone, but they also don't mind being with others.
J) Still, it turns out that solitude is important for more than creativity. Ifs commonly believed that leaders need
to be sociable. But this depends, among other things, on the personalities of their employees. One 2011
study showed that in branches of a pizza chain where employees were more passive, outgoing bosses were
associated with higher profits. But in branches where employees were more active, introverted (内向的)
leaders were more effective. One reason for this is that introverted people are less likely to feel threatened by
strong personalities and suggestions. They're also more likely to listen.
K) Since ancient times, meanwhile, people have been aware of a link between isolation and mental focus. After
all, cultures with traditions of religious hermits (隐士)believe that solitude is important fbr enlightenment.
Recent research has given us a better understanding of why. One benefit of unsociability is the brain's state of
active mental rest, which goes hand-in-hand with the stillness of being alone. When another person is present,
your brain can't help but pay some attention. This can be a positive distraction. But it's still a distraction.
L) Daydreaming in the absence of such distractions activates the brain's default-mode network. Among other
functions, this network helps to consolidate memory and understand others5 emotions. Giving free rein to a
wandering mind not only helps with focus in the long term but strengthens your sense of both yourself and
others. Paradoxically, therefore, periods of solitude actually help when it comes time to socialise once more.
And the occasional absence of focus ultimately helps concentration in the long run.
M) A more recent advocate of thoughtful and productive solitude is Susan Cain, author of Quiet: The Power of
Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking and founder of Quiet Revolution, a company that promotes
quiet and introvert-friendly workplaces. uThese days, we tend to believe that creativity emerges from a
decidedly unreserved socialising process, but in fact it requires sustained attention and deep focus J  she
says. "Also, humans are such absorbent social beings that when we surround ourselves with others, we
automatically take in their opinions and aesthetics. To truly chart our own path or vision, we have to be
willing to isolate ourselves, at least for some period of
N) Still, the line between useful solitude and dangerous isolation can be blurry. ''Almost anything can be adaptive
and maladaptive, depending on how extreme they get,“ Feist says. A disorder has to do with dysfunction. If
someone stops caring about people and cuts off all contact, this could point to an irrational neglect of social
relations. But creative unsociability is a far cry from this. In fact, Feist says, “there's a real danger with
people who are never alone.^^ Ifs hard to examine one's own thoughts, feelings and motives, to be self-aware,
and folly relaxed unless you have occasional solitude. In addition, introverts tend to have fewer but stronger
friendships- which has been linked to greater happiness.
O) As with many things, quality reigns over quantity. Nurturing a few solid relationships without feeling the
need to constantly populate your life with endless chatting ultimately may be better for you.
P) Thus, if your personality tends toward unsociability, you shouldn't feel the need to change. Of course, that
comes with qualifications. But as long as you have regular social contact, you are choosing solitude rather
than being forced into it, you have at least a few good friends and your solitude is good fbr your well-being
or productivity, there*s no point agonising over how to fit a square personality into a round hole.
36. Lots of research demonstrates that being socially isolated is harmful to the elderly.
37. Being alone enables artists to think and observe, which is a must for their creation.
21
,2025年6 月六级真题（第三套）・

----- PAGE 273 -----
38. To one writer, being forced to play with others was a penalty while being kept alone in a room was quite a
pleasure.
39. Recent research shows for the first time that there is a specific link between being creative and being
unsociable.
40. We must be willing to stay alone at least for some time in order to plot our own course.
41. According to new research, for people who prefer being alone, solitude can be beneficial to their work lives
and emotional health.
42. It may turn out to be better for one to cultivate a few steady relationships than to busy themselves socialising.
43. Allowing your mind to wander freely is conducive to sharpening your focus in the long run.
44. Research conducted on artists and scientists indicates that creative people are less interested in hanging out
with others.
45. According to Feist, you will have difficulty knowing yourself if you do not stay alone occasionally.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best
choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Simulators are most often utilized within industries such as nuclear power, aviation and surgery where failure
results in disastrous consequences. To maximize the value from a simulation learning experience, participants
should immediately and directly apply their learning to a specific intervention within their organization.
Most organizations aspire to deploy significant change programs, only to find them nearly impossible to
implement. That is largely because successful change requires more than a vision, it requires a workforce that not
only doesn't resist change, but embraces it.
To achieve success, an organization must build a transformation program that will allow change to be
rapidly pulled across its departments and throughout its layers. Regardless of the level of senior management
commitment, unless key thought leaders at all levels embrace the change, the initiative will wither and die. To
create this kind of widespread passion, learning leaders must expose the workforce to what could be, which will
enable them to rethink their mental models, enable them to break free from their deep-rooted paradigms and
embrace the opportunity to learn.
Allowing participants to enter a simulated environment provides them with the opportunity to experience
alternative realities which can prompt them to rethink their current beliefs.
Behavioral change is not easy for most adults. Lectures, training programs and workshops can explain the
intellectual elements of transformation, but they are seldom effective at getting to the behavioral aspects that
lie at the heart of a significant change initiative. Further, under normal working conditions, managers rarely see
the full effect of their employee development efforts. As such, an intervention like a simulation can provide the
stimulus for change.
An effective simulation can be better than experience as a learning tool because it accelerates time,
compresses space, and unlike reality, is specifically designed to maximize participant learning. Simulations
provide an immersive learning experience where skills, processes and knowledge all can be highlighted in a way
reality cannot. The ability to explore, experiment and repeatedly apply new knowledge in unlimited, risk-free
models is what makes simulation one of the most productive forms of learning.
Well-designed simulations can enable individuals and groups to develop a deep level of understanding
about how their decisions and intuitive responses to business stimuli affect their fellow participants and the
organization as a whole. To reap the benefits, however, simulations must feel like reality. At the end of the
successful simulation, participants must declare “this is us." If they don't, they will view the experience as a
game, which can be difficult to apply on the job, or worse, irrelevant to everyday work tasks. To maximize
•2025年6 月六级真题（第三套）・
22

----- PAGE 274 -----
benefits from simulation, participants should immediately apply the learning from the experience to forge a
smooth link between learning and doing.
46. What do we learn about successful changes in organizations?
A) They can be immediately implemented with great ease.
B) They are usually led by organization leaders of vision.
C) They call fbr enthusiastic support from the workforce.
D) They often result from simulation learning experiences.
47. What should learning leaders do to arouse learners5 passion for change?
A) Allow them to see what could possibly be achieved.
B) Help them break free from their old paradigms.
C) Encourage them to rethink their thought models.
D) Stimulate them to embrace fresh opportunities.
48. What does the passage say about lectures, training programs and workshops?
A) They are generally incapable of changing workers5 behaviors on the job.
B) They are interventions different from simulations in creating stimuli fbr change.
C) They aim at transforming the behaviors of the workers in an organization.
D) They help managers achieve the full effect of employee development efforts.
49. What makes simulation one of the most fruitful forms of learning?
A) Its capability of saving time by accelerating the immersive learning experience.
B) Its potential fbr learners to examine their skills, knowledge and learning process.
C) Its capability of providing all participants with a practical learning experience.
D) Its potential fbr learners to explore, experiment and practice without any risk.
50. What should participants do in a simulation to reap the greatest benefits possible?
A) Take the experience as a mere game. 
C) Develop a deep level of understanding.
B) Apply promptly what they learn to their jobs. 
D) Strive to connect closely with their leaders.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
GDP growth is not a good indicator of how well a country is performing, and should not be the primary goal
of governments. Unlimited growth is not sustainable, and economic thinking is moving toward the idea that we
should aim fbr sustainability in our economic models. But while a sustainable economy is vital to our future, it is
a means to an end, not an end in itself.
The idea that governments should focus on happiness has its critics. There are concerns about how
happiness can be measured. Is happiness not a fleeting and subjective psychological state? Don't different people
experience different levels of happiness? Even on the broadest interpretation of "happiness5 as prosperity or 'life
satisfaction\ people want different things.
Of course, governments cannot impose life satisfaction on citizens. But our happiness relies on collaborative
efforts as a society. A govemmenfs obligation lies in creating conditions that promote prosperity. And there is
good reason to suppose that such conditions exist, are globally applicable, and are discoverable through research.
In a recently published article, philosopher Julian Baggini suggests we should focus on 'real wealth9 for
citizens, which does not depend on GDP growth. Access is key: people do not need to own, but rather access
things that enable them to live well. Technological advances and changes in social behavior enable us to make
more efficient use of the assets that we already have. And focusing on access to the resources people need to live
better lives could help reduce inequality.
As far as it goes, this has much in common with proposals tabled by 'happiness5 advocates. But it sets the
bar far too low fbr what governments can and should be doing fbr their citizens.
For example, ifs not clear how a 'real wealth, economy would remedy the epidemic of mental ill-health
that plagues our society. In Western countries, at least- poor mental health is more detrimental to wellbeing than
23
・ 2025年6 月六级真题（第三套）・

----- PAGE 275 -----
poverty. Over and above a vastly improved provision of therapeutic mental healthcare, there are preventative
measures for improving mental health that governments could and should adopt. The WHO recommends
establishing institutions that facilitate community participation—educational programs and interventions that
provide skills for promoting mental wellbeing. It says a lot, however, that the WHO feels the need to appeal
to the economic benefits of improving mental health to persuade governments that the cost of taking proposed
measures is justified. As long as the economy is their priority, governments need go no further than ensuring
citizens9 continued productivity.
To demand that governments set the 'happiness' of citizens as their highest priority is to demand that they
view citizens as ends in themselves.
51. What does the passage say is the more recent thinking of economic growth?
A) It should be made sustainable. 
C) It should be governments5 chief concern.
B) It is vital to the future of humanity. 
D) It is an indicator of government performance.
52. Why are some people opposed to the idea that governments should focus on happiness?
A) Governments cannot impose happiness on citizens. 
C) Happiness means different things to different people.
B) People's happiness is built upon their own endeavor. D) Happiness depends on sustainable economic growth.
53. What does philosopher Julian Baggini suggest governments do in a recently published article?
A) Try to reduce inequality between the rich and the poor.
B) Provide people with access to resources for a better life.
C) Change people's behaviors to put social wealth to better use.
D) Make use of advanced technologies to improve people's lives.
54. Why does the WHO feel the need to appeal to the economic benefits of improving mental health to justify its
recommendations?
A) Mental health programs cannot be executed without GDP growth.
B) Psychological interventions are conducive to people's wellbeing.
C) Poor mental health is detrimental to a nation's economic system.
D) Governments still take economic development as their priority.
55. What message does the author try to convey at the end of the passage?
A) Governments? goal should be prosperity-driven.
B) Governments5 goal should be people-oriented.
C) Governments should consider citizens5 views in decision-making.
D) Governments should set sustained productivity as their top priority.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
自古以来，中国的水资源北缺南丰，分布极不均衡。为了有效解决北方严重缺水问题，中国政府
实施了南水北调工程( the South-to-North Water Diversion Project) o 这是一项跨区域配置水资源的宏
大水利工程。历经数十年的规划与筹备，工程于2002年开工建设，分为东、中、西三条线路，总长
4350公里，惠及人口将超过4 亿。自2014年通水以来，工程向北方调水累计已超500亿立方米，为
北方地区的人民提供了可靠的水资源，同时也极大地改善了这一地区的生态环境，促进了经济的可持
续健康发展。
・2025年6 月六级真题(第三套)・
24

----- PAGE 276 -----
大学英语六级考试2025年12月真题（第一套）
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “Living in
an increasingly competitive world, college students should better prepare themselves to confront various
challenges." You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II
Section A
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end o f each conversation, you -will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He has distinguished himself in foreigns ervice. 
C) He is currently an electrical engineer.
B) He is his.country's ambassador to Winopia. 
D) He craves attention from the media.
2. A) A government reshuffle. 
C) Some sort of political reorientation.
B) A fundamental reform. 
D) Some sort of crisis of legitimacy.
3. A) All diplomats have more or less similar stories to tell.
B) It is a prerequisite to get Some practice in diplomacy.
C) Different people can take different paths.
D) It is a must to first obtain a law degree.
4. A) Key skills required of a diplomat. 
C) Diplomatic discourse and rhetoric.
B) The making of an expert diplomat. 
D) Contributions by diplomatic envoys.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They have got their work done.
B) They both look tired.
6. A) The board members! insufficient support.
B) Two months devoted to the same contract.
7. A) Unprofessional.
B) Inspirational.
8. A) Fewer rectifications of the contract.
B) More support from the board members.
C) They can meet again tomorrow anyway.
D) They are both anxious to go home.
C) Working two months without any progress.
D) The man's long concentration on the project.
C) Exceptional.
D) Delusional.
C) The early implementation of the project.
D) The alignment of all sections of the contract.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
1
• 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•

----- PAGE 277 -----
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) When two employees propose contrary solutions to their dispute.
B) When two employees are directed by their respective manager.
C) When two people behave in an apparently clashing manner.
D) When two people tell different stories of the same event.
10. A) How it got resolved. 
C) What it was about.
B) How it happened. 
D) When it was settled.
11. A) They intervened promptly lest their dispute escalate. C) They assumed the best about them and moved on.
B) They tried to ascertain the actual facts of the matter. D) They persuaded them to put their conflict aside.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Dine out daily.
B) Budget sensibly.
13. A) Shopping.
B) Sewing.
14. A) Satisfy their taste.
B) Cut down expenses.
15. A) People's intense fbcus on convenience.
B) People's deteriorating family finances.
C) Enjoy cooking.
D) Shop at groceries.
C) Entertaining oneself.
D) Fashion designing.
C) Eat more healthily.
D) Cultivate new hobbies.
C) People's strong aversion to junk foods.
D) People's increasing dislike of cooking.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer sheet 1 with a single line
though the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Its owner's flight is delayed because of bad weather.
B) Airlines cannot find its owner without an ID tag on it.
C) Airline staff have not correctly coded its destination tag.
D) Its owner has forgot to pick it up from the baggage claim.
17. A) Its tag may get tom off on the conveyor belt. 
C) It may be sent to a wrong destination.
B) Its tag may get stuck in the sorting machine. 
D) It may be picked up by someone else.
18. A) Purchase irretrievably lost things at auction.
B) Contact the airport staff to find our missing bag.
C) Get the airline agenfs phone number before boarding.
D) Avoid packing valuable items in our checked baggage.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It can be behaviorally hazardous.
B) It can be especially disappointing.
20. A) They considered it inevitable.
B) They held a negative view towards it.
21. A) Elaborate forms of social contact.
B) Ill effects on one's sense of pride.
C) It can be socially harmful.
D) It can be really embarrassing.
C) They were concerned with its effects.
D) They saw it as a sign of social evolution.
C) Poor relationships with others.
D) Vicious cycles of detachment.
• 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）■
2

----- PAGE 278 -----
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) The ill treatment they get as tourists.
B) The nonprofessional business they see.
23. A) They have been the classic way to visit Europe.
B) They attract tourists with location and decoration.
C) They have long been competing with chain hotels.
D) They are in fact a completely new idea in America.
24. A) Your financial status.
B) Your family's consent.
25. A) Costs for starting the business.
B) The number of guests to receive.
C) The impersonal accommodations.
D) The many adventures on their way.
C) Your property.
D) Your personality.
C) The facilities to provide.
D) Opportunities fbr income.
Part JU 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list o f choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any o f the words in the bank
more than once.
By now, it is generally accepted that regular exercise comes with an assortment of health benefits for people who
maintain the habit over time. But is it 
26 too late to start?
New research looked at people who increased their exercise levels after their 40s beyond levels they had when
they were younger and those individuals showed declines in their risk of early 
27 
which were similar to those of
people who exercised consistently throughout their lives. This was a 
28 
of 32% to 35% compared to people who
did not exercise. Those who began exercising in middle age also saw reductions in their incidence of 
29 
diseases,
such as heart disease and cancer, which were similar to the steady exercisers.
So why bother exercising consistently throughout your life? The authors of the study 
30 
that some
might interpret the study's findings to mean that they can delay starting an exercise program but this would
be a mistake. There are other benefits, both mental and physical, to staying consistently active that we should
not 
31 
. These real health benefits include better 
32 
functioning and lowered risk of gaining weight. The
latter is 
33 
important given the global obesity epidemic. In addition, experts assert that starting younger
is better because, if you make a habit of exercising when you are young, you are more likely to keep up those
34 
later in life. It is ideal, then, fbr people to start exercising when they are children or 
35 . and it is good
to maintain an active lifestyle at all times regardless of your age. However, this study does indicate that, if you
have not been active, you can still benefit if you start becoming active in your 40s and 50s.
A) adolescents
I) maneuver
B) arbitrarily
J) mortality
C) chronic
K) particularly
D) cognitive
L) patterns
E) concede
M) refute
F) disregard
N) stereotype
G) drop
O) vocal
H) ever
3
■ 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•

----- PAGE 279 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Restaurants are now employing robots—should chefs be worried?
A) Like most chefs, Flippy is not afraid of hard work. Since last summer, that has meant 11am until 7pm shifts
at Caliburger in Pasadena, California, as well as short assignments at Chick-N-Tots at Dodger Stadium in
Los Angeles. These are long hours of repetitive work, where the boss demands absolute consistency. But you
won't hear Flippy complain or say anything, in fact. For Flippy is a robot—a cloud-connected mechanical
arm with 3D thermal scanners for eyes—that can flip burgers or fry 80 baskets of food an hour, monitor that
food and even clean up afterwards.
B) Flippy was created by Miso Robotics, part of the Cali Group, which is described by its CEO, John Miller, as: "A
technology company that happens to sell cheeseburgers.^^ Cali creates new machines that it road-tests in its
Caliburger restaurants across the world, into which Flippy will be deployed this year. And Flippy is not alone.
Also in California, Bear Robotics has developed a self^guiding robot, Penny, which has so far served 40,000
diners.
C) Ten years ago, robot-chefs and waiters were pure science fiction. Today, they are a reality, and at prices that
make them a plausible investment. From May, Penny will be shipped on a subscription basis that offers "an
immediate retum^^, says Bear Robotics5 chief operating officer, Juan Higueros. Flippy will cost a reported
$60,000 to $100,000. Fully automated burger restaurants managed with minimal human oversight- where
customers order at screens, pay electronically and eat food cooked and delivered by robots- are now a
possibility.
D) The technology exists, it just needs knitting together cost-effectively and in a way diners buy into. In an
industry keen to slash labour costs and increase profits, further automation seems inevitable. After an eight­
month test at Kang Nam Tofu House in California, Bear Robotics credited Penny with driving a 28% increase
in sales. Meanwhile, in US trials, the self-ordering screens that McDonald's is currently installing at its 1,300
UK restaurants yielded a reported 30% rise in order values.
E) Personalisation is seen as key to the appeal of this technology, alongside its ability to reliably push so-called
“upseHs” (meal deals, extras, larger drinks) to customers. Soon when you log into a restaurant app, it will be
able to use your data and purchasing history to recommend dishes to you~~-factoring in everything from the
weather to, if you are ordering at a screen that can read your face, your mood.
F) “Right now people compromise on choice. We're presented with a one-size-fits-all menu. Ultimately,
technology can allow us to make personal choices. You love spicy food and chicken? Here's the dish people
like you mostly order,“ says Tom Weaver, CEO at the hospitality tech company Flyt. He talks enthusiastically
about the Helsinki pop-up Take-In, a full-service restaurant where diners ordered dishes in from various
delivery services. 'Tor the first time in a few hundred years, digital is allowing us to create new versions of
restaurants.,,
G) If high-street fast food is automation-ready, its impact on high-end restaurants is likely to be subtler and
slower. C4Ifll probably be a very long time before we see a five-star robot-chef,5, says Noel Sharkey, professor
of AI and robotics at the University of Sheffield. '"Apart from the AI creativity gap, great cooking involves
a subtle understanding of ingredients and delicate cooking that would be enormously challenging for robots.
• 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•
4

----- PAGE 280 -----
Placing fragile foods on plates would be incredibly slow.”
H) Currently, robots have limited functionality. A human needs to load Penny with plates that diners lift off
themselves. At the robot-powered US pizza-delivery company Zume, the more difficult jobs, such as topping
pizzas, are still done by humans. But Moley, which will launch soon, offers an idea of the sophistication to
come. Modelled on the movements of a MasterChef contest winner, Tim Anderson, its robotic arms are fixed
over a stove and programmed to prepare dishes from raw ingredients. It is designed for domestic use, but a
commercial version is planned that opens up the possibility of restaurant kitchens automating even highly
technically challenging tasks.
I) For now, the kitchen technology that QSR Automations supplies to Mitchells & Butlers' pubs or KFC is less
glamorous. Rather than having a chef shouting out diners' orders, the QSR system automatically distributes
those orders across screens. The kitchen screens then tell chefs when to start cooking each dish, so that your
plate of fish, chips and peas comes together at the right time.
J) The restaurant industry is currently suffering a severe shortage of skilled chefs- a deficit of 11,000,
according to the skills agency People 1st. "'Automation systems designed to make the process more idiot­
proof are trying to bridge that gap,“ says Stefan Chomka, the editor of Restaurant magazine.
K) In terms of simplifying or enhancing the customer experience, online restaurant booking has been the easily-
won success of the internet age. Automated at-table ordering and payment is seen as the next landmark. Until
then, early adopters, such as the Manchester bar owner Andy Smith, who uses the Ordoo app at his venue 33
Oldham Street, may well experience growing but “lower than expected^^ acceptance.
L) Embarrassing failures in restaurant tech frequently hit the headlines. The TGI Fridays drone (无人机)that
injured a Brooklyn Daily photographer; US burger chain Shake Shack having to retreat from plans for entirely
cashless ordering sites. But, says Chomka, such technology could miss the mark if it only offers "solutions to
problems that don't really exist". "Payments being automatic^^ could be useful, he adds. But, in an expensive
restaurant, 4thow quick do you need dinner to be?,,
M) That attachment to the human art of hospitality will be heartening for staff who see automation as a threat to
jobs. "Unite is concerned that without safeguards, any benefits will bypass workers in low-paying jobs, such
as waiters,M says the union's London regional officer, Dave Turnbull. "We're urging Members of Parliament
to ensure automation does not just benefit a wealthy few like previous industrial revolutions.^^
N) The industry principle is that automation will allow it to redeploy staff more effectively. Jobs will change, if
not immediately decrease in number, "SeForder screens mean more demand for people front-of-house. Last
year, we recruited 1,000 new managers,M says McDonald's COO, Jason Clark. Caliburger has a programme
to retrain staff as robot engineers or “chef techs”.
O) But ultimately the chance to reduce overheads (管理费用)by employing fewer people or at lower rates will
be what attracts big brands to technology. Invariably, over the next 10 years, jobs will go in conventional
bricks-built restaurants, not least because automation will boost their rapidly growing rival: delivery.
Companies such as Domino and Just Eat have both experimented with robot and drone delivery, which is
already legal in Reykjavik, Iceland. "Robot food deliveries are the future,n says Noel Sharkey. 4tSmall, 4mph
ground robots are safe and will work 24 hours a day.”
P) Combined with machine learning of anticipated order volumes and the minute-by-minute cooking data
generated by systems such as QSR, that robot fleet could deliver almost instantly. ''Restaurants will prepare
food ahead of orders coming in,“ predicts Just Eafs director of engineering, Daniel Richardson. UF11 be able
to say 'Let's have pizza5 to my family, my intelligent assistant will hear and 10 minutes later the food will be
5
■ 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•

----- PAGE 281 -----
at my door,^^ No one is putting an exact date on it yet. But in the dining room and on your doorstep, the robots
are coming.
36. It is now possible to fully automate a burger restaurant with little human supervision.
37. At a robot-powered US company, complicated tasks still have to be performed by humans.
38. More automation appears to be a certainty in industries eager to cut labour costs and raise profits.
39. There are often front-page reports of failures in technological innovation of the restaurant industry.
40. Robot-chef Flippy does not fear laborious work, nor does it make any complaints.
41. Digital technology makes it possible for businesses to innovate restaurant models.
42. Fondness fbr human warmth in catering to customers will give hope to employees who are afraid of losing
jobs to robots.
43. There is an acute shortage of experienced chefs in the catering industry and automated cooking is expected to
fill the gap.
44. Over the coming decade, many jobs in traditional restaurants will disappear due to robot delivery.
45. According to an expert in AI and robotics, it may be quite some time before a master robot-chef appears.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best
choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Many see friendships as a comfort blanket: a shoulder to cry on, a reliable soul to confide in. However, more
often than not, in our eagerness to seek individual success, we lose friends along the way and that has become
part of the process.
The chaos and never-ending turmoil that accompanies everyday life is an aggressive obstacle in the pursuit
of stable friendships. As students, we use this excuse to shrug off losing people who we once thought to be loved
ones.
Instead of viewing our lives as a race, where everyone is on their own path to some form of success, we must
relearn to value the connections we make along the track. We must reevaluate the harm of radical, individual
freedom.
Radical individualism elevates the freedom of the individual over the collective. It argues, for instance, that
universal healthcare, an example of collectivism, threatened the dream of many Americans.
Many of us have fallen victim to an individualistic culture. Society tends to celebrate personal achievement
and commend it based on the assumption that winning or succeeding is a consequence of working harder than
the next person.
As a society, we idolize the concept of “losing friends on the road to success.^^ I remember hearing in high
school, "Don't worry about losing friendships, just focus on study and getting into college. Thafs all that will
matter in the long run,^^ a sentiment that is not unique to my experience. Ifs preached in many success stories,
and it's embedded in the way we see growth. Motivational speakers will push their audience to be complacent to
the inevitable end of losing friends. Spend too much time with friends? You5re losing time better utilized on your
achievements. Invest time in your relationships? Invest time in your work instead.
• 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•
6

----- PAGE 282 -----
This constant need to succeed has blinded us from seeing through the whirlwind of change that accompanies
our everyday lives. We are expected to tangibly succeed, earn awards, get higher positions, earn better grades. In
order to succeed, we lose friends, and that has sadly become normalized.
We cannot be complacent with losing friendships because they are our anchors.
Yes, pursue success. Challenge yourself. Push limits. But contrary to all the self-proclaimed success experts,
doing it alone does not make you more successful or any better than someone who achieved it with the help of
others.
Put effort into fostering healthy relationships, and maintaining them through your busy schedule that seems
like it leaves no time for anyone else. Although we may be living in a society that treasures the independent
pursuit of achievement, having people to support and love you on the way is far more important than any end
result.
46. What often happens when people are eager to pursue individual success?
A) They lack a shoulder to cry on. 
C) They cannot find reliable friends.
B) They have no soul to confide in. 
D) They ignore their ties with friends.
47. What does the author advise people to do in their pursuit of radical individualism?
A) Reexamine its detrimental effects. 
C) Avoid the chaos and turmoil involved.
B) Shrug off the loss of their loved ones. 
D) Remove aggressive obstacles in the way.
48. What is American society's assumption of personal achievement?
A) It is to be duly celebrated and highly commended. C) It revolves around an individualistic culture.
B) It is a sure way to fulfill a person's dream. 
D) It reflects a person's exceptional endeavor.
49. What is preached in many success stories?
A) Attaching importance to academic gains on the road to success.
B) Investing one's time in work instead of connecting with friends.
C) Trying to strengthen friendships in one's pursuit of personal success.
D) Excelling in academic performance to get into a prestigious college.
50. What can we infer from the passage regarding the pursuit of success?
A) No one can succeed without pushing limits. 
C) Collectivism is superior to individualism.
B) No one can afford to neglect close friends. 
D) Success experts often lead people to ruin.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
During his acceptance speech for the Nobel Peace Prize, Martin Luther King Jr. said, UI believe that unarmed
truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality.,5
More than five decades later, our society is still struggling to separate truth from fantasy, fact from fiction.
From disputes over the climate change to debates about how slavery is taught, America is at a crossroads. And
the battle fbr equity is at the heart of these vital conversations.
Study after study shows that inequity has had appalling consequences. A 2020 report by Citi indicated that
“Black students could have increased their lifetime incomes $90-$113 billion^^ if equity issues related to higher
education had been adequately addressed over the past two decades.
This statistic represents a flood of issues we've failed to confront as a nation. It also highlights one truth:
We're missing out on valuable opportunities to bridge the differences that divide us. However, by honoring
King's legacy, we can get our country back on the path toward true equity.
7
■ 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•

----- PAGE 283 -----
Students—and adults for that matter- simply cannot understand the conflicts we have today without
understanding what caused them in the first place. That means we have a responsibility to help them make
connections between U.S. history and current events. It also means giving them the tools they need to address
inequity and bias in their own lives. Adherence to these principles, along with a commitment to truthful dialogue,
can help every student better appreciate how far we've come and more clearly see the roads we have yet to
travel.
With more truthful analysis of the need for more qualified, diverse educators, we can improve our recruiting,
training, and retention strategies fbr schools across the country.
Unfortunately, our deeply rooted divisions are delaying these advancements. A recent survey found that 77
percent of Americans believe the nation is “more divided than ever befbre”. But reports of increased polarization
shouldn't persuade us to look away from one another. Instead, they should compel us to address our shared issues
head-on.
We are not, as some would suggest, living in a “post-racial society^^. We simply cannot afford to keep our
heads buried in the sand when it comes to racial inequity. Unless we get honest about intolerance, bias, and how
these social diseases impact the ways we treat one another, injustice will continue to haunt us. But our children
and our grandchildren deserve better.
On this Martin Luther King Day and beyond, lefs commit to working together to disrupt the status quo.
Lefs continue to build a better, more inclusive nation; and in the words of Martin Luther King Jr., “A society at
peace with itself, a society that can live with its conscience.^^
51. What does the author think about today's America?
A) It is struggling to transform fiction into reality.
B) It has been the fbcus of many vital conversations.
C) It still has a long way to go before equity can be truly realized.
D) It has got to a point where people disagree on nearly every issue.
52. What do we learn from the passage about black students in the past 20 years?
A) They have been unfairly treated regarding higher education.
B) They have been battling hard to address equity issues.
C) They have boosted their lifetime incomes by billions of dollars.
D) They have come to see the consequences of racial discrimination.
53. How can Americans bridge the differences that divide them?
A) By dealing with the thorny issues confronting them.
B) By seizing every chance to enhance racial harmony.
C) By continuing to pursue Martin Luther King Jr.'s cause.
D) By striving to identify exceedingly valuable opportunities.
54. How do most Americans view America as a nation according to a recent survey?
A) It is compelled to address its historical social issues.
B) It is delaying advancements toward racial equality.
C) It has kept itself from polarization.
D) It has become increasingly split.
• 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•
8

----- PAGE 284 -----
55. What does the author suggest Americans do?
A) Ensure the wellbeing of their children and grandchildren.
B) Make joint efforts to tackle the nation's equity issues.
C) Restrain their intolerance and discrimination.
D) Restore social order for a harmonious nation.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
尊老是中华民族的传统美德，深深植根于中国人的思想和行为中，是人们普遍遵守的行为规范和
社会准则。在当今的中国，这种美德得到广泛传承。社会各界积极营造敬老助老的社会氛围。为老年
人提供便利服务已成为社会共识，例如社区专门开设长者食堂，公共场所配置优先座位。政府还出台
了一系列政策，为老年人的权益提供有力保障。尊老是社会和谐与发展的重要基石，有助于培育良好
的社会氛围，推动整个社会文明进步。
9
• 2025年12月六级真题(第一套)•

----- PAGE 285 -----
大学英语六级考试2025年12月真题（第二套）
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “While
striving for the Chinese Dream, young people enjoy more opportunities to realize their selAworth." You can
make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least
150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) It is absurdly expensive.
B) It is appropriately priced.
C) It brings shame on the university.
D) It caters to students and teachers.
2. A) They never really appeal to her.
B) They are never actually good value.
C) They are within students5 budgets.
D) They always come at a high speed.
3. A) The food.
B) The space.
C) The speed.
D) The environment.
4. A) A complete refurnishing.
B) A ruinous burning down.
C) A substantial expansion.
D) A massive renovation.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They have a poor work ethic. 
C) They are struggling in the workplace.
B) They don't get along with managers. 
D) They aren't as varied as their predecessors.
6. A) Learning about the way they adhere to their own values.
B) Recognizing how they try to strike a work-life balance.
C) Knowing how they struggle to connect with managers.
D) Understanding the way they seek career advancement.
7. A) In terms of the number of hours spent. 
C) In terms of the work done in 8 hours.
B) By the amount of work they perform. 
D) By the quality of the work they do.
8. A) Those whose culture facilitates their advancement. 
C) Those whose values align with their own.
B) Those allowing them to do projects of their choice. 
D) Those refraining from discrediting their perspectives.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
■ 2025年12月六级真题（第二套）•
10

----- PAGE 286 -----
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They may unconsciously help customers choose greener dishes.
B) They may unintentionally encourage customers to eat meat.
C) They raise customers' environmental awareness.
D) They enable customers to eat in a healthy way.
10. A) By inviting them to taste different kinds of food.
B) By observing the eating behaviour of strict vegetarians.
C) By comparing participants eating vegetarian food frequently with those doing so rarely.
D) By requiring participants to choose a meal as if they were feasting at a family gathering.
11. A) They are less likely to choose a vegetarian dish.
B) They find vegetarian dishes become more appealing.
C) They tend to consume larger portions of unhealthy food.
D) They are less likely to choose dishes recommended by chefs.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) They have found a solution to the global problem of air pollution.
B) They have managed to freeze polluting particles to around -18℃.
C) They have been seeking a way to prevent pollutants from penetrating indoors.
D) They have been cooperating closely on developing a new type of air-conditioner.
13. A) They can be costly and inefficient. 
C) They are by-products of health research.
B) They are constantly being perfected. 
D) They can save over 40,000 lives each year.
14. A) They keep their windows closed. 
C) They make more use of air-conditioners.
B) They spend a lot more time indoors. 
D) They try various ways to purify indoor air.
15. A) It shows the importance of eliminating indoor pollution.
B) It may change the way of future environmental research.
C) It demonstrates the fruitful cooperation between UK and Chinese scientists.
D) It may make household appliances serve an additional air cleaner function.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer sheet 1 with a single line
though the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It distinguishes different species of animals.
B) It reflects distinct traits in animal behaviour.
C) It demonstrates animals5 ability to recognise themselves.
D) It gauges the level of intelligence of various animal species.
17. A) It meets few of the behavioural criteria set in the mirror test.
B) It behaves similarly to animals capable of self-recognition.
C) It removes marks from itself to show self-awareness.
D) It matches children over 18 months in intelligence.
18. A) They have conclusively established the criteria of animal intelligence.
B) They have advanced the concept of self-awareness to a higher level.
11 
• 2025年12月六级真题(第二套)•

----- PAGE 287 -----
C) They incorporate more perspectives than one.
D) They raise more questions than answers.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Small children are even more keen on screens than their elders.
B) Both parents and children preferred to read electronic books.
C) Parents differed from children in reading behavior.
D) Children reading electronic books learned more.
20. A) They came to conflicting conclusions. 
C) They yielded unanticipated findings.
B) They were based on small samples. 
D) They were focused on younger kids.
21. A) Those that prove simple enough fbr them to comprehend.
B) Those that produce both audio and visual effects on them.
C) Those that draw their attention to the educational content.
D) Those that contribute to their increased interest in reading.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Regret having wasted much time in making them.
B) Think how different we could have made them.
23. A) It has made us the person we are now.
B) It has been made with a lot of thinking.
24. A) Challenging things to do.
B) Beautiful things to share.
25. A) Foreseeing the possibility for regret later.
B) Making proper use of the lessons learned.
C) Keep ourselves from regretting them.
D) Live with them for the time being.
C) It stems from our valuable knowledge.
D) It benefits us greatly one way or another.
C) Choices to make.
D) Lessons to learn.
C) Perfecting the decision-making strategies.
D) Seeing them as obstacles to moving forward.
Part HI 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
We humans love to believe we are special, but science and technology have repeatedly proved this
conviction wrong. People 
26 
thought that humans were the only animals to use tools, to form teams or to
propagate culture, but science has shown that other animals do each of these things.
Meanwhile, technology has quashed ( 使无效),one by one, claims that 
27 
tasks require a human brain.
The first adding machine was invented in 1623. This past year, a computer-generated work won an art contest. I
believe the moment when computers meet and 
28 
human intelligence is on the horizon.
How will human intelligence and creativity be valued when machines become smarter and more creative
than the brightest people? There will likely be a spectrum. In some 
29 
、people still value humans doing
things, even if a computer can do it better. It's been a quarter of a century since a computer beat world champion
Garry Kasparov, but human chess hasn't gone away.
In other fields, human skill will seem costly and 
30 . Take illustration fbr example: most readers don't
care whether the graphic 
31 
a magazine article was drawn by a person or a computer- they just want it to be
relevant, new and perhaps 
32 .
• 2025年12月六级真题(第二套)・ 
12

----- PAGE 288 -----
And, of course, this question isn't black or white. Many fields will be a 
33 . where some humans find a
lucky place, but most of the work is done by computers, like in manufacturing today, where, much of the work is
accomplished by robots, but some humans must be there to 
34 the machines.
If history is any guide, ifs almost certain that advances in AI will cause more jobs to 
35 , that creative
workers with human-only skills will become richer but fewer in number, and that those who own creative
technology will become the new ultra-rich.
A) accompanying
I) once
B) cognitive
J) oversee
C) domains
K) redundant
D) entertaining
L) stances
E) evoking
M) surpass
F) hybrid
N) tentatively
G) impetus
H) intuitive
0) vanish
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Do You Know When to Quit Wisely?
A) Projects, relationships, and jobs don't always work out as planned- and it's not always clear when to give up.
We've all repeatedly heard the saying that “quitters never win,“ but sometimes the best decision is to cut our
losses.
B) Think about that relationship you held on to even after it had run its course or the job you stayed in despite
your boss making you miserable. Many of us try to hold onto the last ray of hope, thinking we can make it
work, whatever "it" is. And while perseverance is generally an excellent quality, it may also incline you to
over-invest in something that is no longer a good idea.
C) As an executive coach, I work with numerous passionate and hard-working leaders who don't want to Uquit.^^
But the smartest leaders learn to discern the difference between quitting too soon and holding onto something
that they shouldn't.
D) We are all susceptible to the sunk-cost delusion, an unconscious bias that leads us to persist in an endeavor we
have already invested time, effort, or money into- even when abandoning it would be more beneficial. We
realize that we can't get back the resources we've given, so we persevere- investing in a project that should
be halted, staying in a relationship that should be over, or finishing a book we no longer enjoy and should
put down, because we're already halfway through it. If quitting is “not your thing,5, you may be especially
susceptible to this bias.
E) The sunk-cost delusion causes us to overly worry about what we511 lose if we move on and not think enough
about the costs of not moving on. To offset this bias, deliberately refocus your thinking on the gains so you
can more objectively weigh the alternatives. Ask yourself: What might I gain by cutting my losses now?
Will you be happier or have time for another (better) opportunity? Then ask yourself: What will it cost me to
soldier on? For example, is it possible that you'll be throwing more good money after what you've already
13 
• 2025年12月六级真题(第二套)•

----- PAGE 289 -----
lost? Or that you won't have the energy to capitalize on other promising possibilities?
F) The illusion of control can also interfere with our best judgment, leading us to overestimate our ability to
control events and attain a positive outcome. This bias gives us a sense of agency and can promote mental
health. However, the bias can also result in escalating commitment to a losing course of action. Especially
when combined with an "I'm not a quitter“ mentality, feeling like we have more control over an event or
person than we do puts us at risk of doubling down when we should pull out.
G) To counteract this bias, consider your situation and make a simple two-column list of what's in your control
and what's not. Think rigorously. While you may be able to influence other people and various circumstances,
you can't force them to change or go your way.
H) Getting clear on what you can control and what you can't is essential to making a quality decision about
whether to call it quits or persevere. With a written list in hand, you can ensure you focus on what you can
control and better assess whether your continued efforts are worth the expense. Expending effort and emotion
on things you can't control can be both draining and disempowering.
I) Research indicates that people link their self-identity and social status to their commitments. And because we
identify with our commitments, withdrawing from one can feel like a threat to our identity or status.
J) Take my client Ryan, a leader at a technology company. Ryan had invested two years and a lot of effort in a
design project that wasn't delivering the needed outcomes, but the thought of abandoning it after all she had
put in was hard to bear. As Ryan and I explored whether she should cancel the initiative she'd been leading
or continue to persevere, she stated, “The thing is, I'm not a quitter.^^ This singular, fixed sense of self was
clouding her judgment and limiting her choices for action.
K) Our self-concept and identity are mental concepts that influence our behavior. If you strongly identify as not
being a quitter, you can end up staying stuck in a course of action due to your narrow and rigid self-concept.
To overcome this kind of internal obstacle, recall your other positive traits and personality characteristics.
Ask yourself: What additional strengths do I have (or aspire to have) that would be helpful to employ here?
For example, when I asked Ryan what other positive qualities from her personality she needed to leverage for
decision making, she replied, "Discernment and bravery.^^
L) Now, examine your situation through the lens of each of these facets of yourself. What does the discerning
part of you say? The brave part? Considering your decision through these different characteristics will enable
you to see that you have more choices. Ifs also helpful to seek external sources of information, rather than
relying solely on your thinking and instincts. But it's important to think through whose opinions you solicit.
M) Ideally, seek out people who are less invested in your decision than you are. If you're considering whether
to shut down your entrepreneurial venture, for instance, reach out to other founders as opposed to just your
business partner. Similarly, if you're looking for love advice, ask someone removed from the ups and downs
of your relationship instead of relying only on your best friend. In all cases, I recommend describing your
situation and following up with a question like: t4How would you manage this situation?^^
N) Alternately, you could also seek out hard data that illuminates your real chance of success in whatever
endeavor you are contemplating. Sticking with the example of the entrepreneurial venture, numbers are your
best friend. Use them to remove yourself from the love you have for this idea and consider your bum rate
relative to growth plan, industry growth rates, and other factors that predict start-up success. External sources
of information can help you see angles and possibilities you might not have considered.
O) When something that seemed so promising at the start doesn't turn out the way we imagined, we can become
overly self^critical. Nobody likes to feel that they've made a poor decision, especially if making intelligent
,2025年12月六级真题（第二套）•
14

----- PAGE 290 -----
decisions is a quality you hold in high esteem. The most effective strategy here is to give yourself a break.
Practicing self-compassion increases your resilience (韧性)，emotional intelligence, compassion toward
others, and can boost your performance as well as help you develop a growth mindset.
P) Instead of deliberating and criticizing yourself, fbcus instead on what you can learn from this situation. For
example, Ryan recognized she had developed various new skills and leadership capabilities from leading the
design project. And despite ultimately deciding to drop it, she was still happy she had tried and grateful for
what the experience taught her.
Q) Undeniably, perseverance can help us succeed. But for your wellbeing, ifs important to learn how to
distinguish quitting too soon and clinging to a losing course of action. While letting go can be difficult, it will
free up your time, energy, and mental space to imagine new possibilities and pursue new opportunities.
36. Feeling like they have more control over something or someone than they do, people get more committed to
their pursuit when they should give up.
37. If you regard yourself as one who never quits, you may end up trapped in your course of action.
38. One of the author's clients found it hard to give up a design project, in which she had put in a lot of time and
effort.
39. The author suggests that one should direct their thoughts to the gains of quitting timely so as to move on.
40. When making a decision, you'd better ask for opinions of those who have less stake in your decision.
41. For people associating their identity with their commitments, quitting can feel like their identity is
threatened.
42. People who regard highly the quality of making wise decisions do not feel good when they make a bad one.
43. The wisest leaders learn to distinguish between giving up too soon and sticking with something irrationally.
44. When people are thinking of an endeavor, they should dig out reliable data that tells them how likely they are
to succeed.
45. Having a clear view of whafs in your control and whafs not is vital to making a good decision regarding
whether to give up or stick it out.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best
choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
As interdependent beings we cannot thrive independent of others. We like to work with people who are like­
minded, with whom we share a common interest, or who also believe in a cause we are serious about. This is
evident in how we have organised ourselves into various collective groups such as nations, regions, communities,
organisations, and families.
Does the group you belong to have a strong collective consciousness or shared beliefs? Is there
interdependence among its members? Do you consider this group a significant part of your existence? If your
answers are affirmative, then you are experiencing a micro version of solidarity.
What is solidarity? Its simplest definition in the dictionary is: "...a unifying opinion, feeling, purpose or
interest among a group of people.^^
15
• 2025年12月六级真题（第二套）•

----- PAGE 291 -----
In this increasingly diverse society we live in, solidarity takes on a complex and multifaceted character as
it forms bonds of interdependence among unique individuals living in a fast-changing environment and working
within a complex division of labour.
One facet of solidarity fits well with the principles of communitarianism (社群主义).In this setting,
individuals give up their own interests to serve the common good. However, its strict adherence to social
cohesiveness and exclusiveness restricts expression and practice of individual differences and preferences.
Consequently, individuality and autonomy is sacrificed to maintain the unity of the group.
Solidarity is also viewed as a reaction to the extreme emphasis on individualism and freedom of choice. It
goes against the liberal idea of unrestricted individuals who see society as a hindrance to their freedom to make
choices and to act according to what is good fbr them regardless of how these will affect others.
But despite its many facets, social theorists have viewed solidarity as a key factor in bringing about
order and progress in society. They believe that for human society to survive as it becomes more diverse,
more new bonds need to be formed based on the differences. In the light of this, they regard a genuine
solidarity as more than just shallow relationships based on common interests. Solidarity is not just a product
of strategic calculations of how much it will benefit the self. It is not an exclusive class founded on the you-
and-me-against-the-world principle. Rather, it is inclusive and is not forced. Acting out of solidarity means
supporting and standing up for each other一in recognition that one's fate is in the fate of the other. It is a
bond characterised by cooperative practices and strengthened by the concern for the well-being of others
or the common good. It fights for the protection of human dignity and listens to and acts on the cries of the
most vulnerable.
46. What does the author say about human beings?
A) They cannot prosper without cooperating with each other.
B) They share a common interest and believe in a just cause.
C) They think and behave alike in different social groups.
D) They cannot gain independence without fighting fbr it.
47. What do we learn about solidarity in an increasingly diverse society?
A) It gives rise to a complicated division of labour.
B) It involves many aspects with great complexity.
C) It brings individuals together as environment changes.
D) It embraces the characteristics of different individuals.
48. What would we witness in the setting of communitarianism?
A) Ruling of social norms and ridding of individuality.
B) Emphasis on the adherence to individual differences.
C) Sacrifice of personal interests fbr the common good.
D) Elimination of individualism and personal choices.
49. What does solidarity entail according to the passage?
A) A limit to personal differences.
B) An opposition to individualism.
50. What do social theorists think of solidarity?
A) It is especially relevant to the most vulnerable.
B) It is most effective in protecting human dignity.
C) A hindrance to social advancement.
D) An inevitable end to liberal pursuits.
C) It is essential to progress and order in society.
D) It is indispensable to avoiding shallow relationships.
• 2025年12月六级真题（第二套）•
16

----- PAGE 292 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
People who repeatedly give unwanted advice can be well-meaning and genuinely want to help. Others might
do this out of a sense of self-worth around the ability to influence others. One study found that people with a high
tendency to seek power were more likely to give advice than those with an opposite tendency.
Under the guise (夕卜表)of unselfishness, people may be driven to give you unwanted advice because it
makes them feel powerful or in control. They may not be fully aware of this drive, however.
These people may also display a problematic degree of emotional vulnerability, becoming upset very
quickly, and taking a long time to calm down. It is possible that their emotions were only validated in childhood
when they were at their loudest, encouraging them to adopt responses to discomfort that are excessive in most
situations.
When someone is giving advice in order to make themselves feel more powerful, there is underlying anxiety
to their behavior that recipients of the advice tend to notice. It can be tempting in this situation to react harshly
to the advice giver and to accuse them of being manipulative, but this approach might produce an undesirable
result.
If the act of giving advice is contributing actively to someone's feelings of self-worth, an outright (直率的)
rejection may be perceived as a threat, activating their fight-or-flight response, possibly causing them to double
down on their validation-seeking behavior, or leading to a larger conflict.
The key is to validate without over-identifying. You can let them know that you have heard them and
appreciate where they are coming from without taking on the potentially damaging narrative that you could not
have gotten by without their help. You had better say something like, “Thanks fbr the idea. I have my own plan
for handling this, but I really appreciate your perspective and will take it into consideration. Can I let you know
when I need help in the future?^^
If you have trouble setting boundaries tactfully, prioritize working on your own ability to self-regulate. As
uncomfortable as it may make you continuously receiving unwanted advice, if you can respond with compassion,
the situation will likely diffuse much faster.
Though it is usually not the intended outcome of giving unsolicited advice, many who receive it often feel
stressed, offended, or simply annoyed by unwanted suggestions. Setting a boundary in this regard, if you feel you
need one, is perfectly reasonable and something that can bring you increased emotional safety.
It is best to set boundaries in a way that takes into account the individual's underlying reasons for doing
what they are doing to avoid unnecessary conflict and more stress.
51. What is the finding of one study about people who keep giving unsolicited advice?
A) They turn out to be well-meaning. 
C) They are capable of influencing others.
B) They are genuinely kind-hearted. 
D) They are inclined to crave fbr power.
52. What is the problem with people who are driven to give you unsolicited advice?
A) They may be quick to upset others. 
C) They want their voice to be the loudest.
B) They may be emotionally vulnerable. 
D) They respond to discomfort excessively.
53. What is the advice receiver tempted to do when noticing the advice giver's underlying anxiety?
A) Reveal the undesirable result of their approach. 
C) Bring their real motives to the surface.
B) Refuse their advice in an undisguised manner. 
D) Accuse them of trying to control others.
17
• 2025年12月六级真题（第二套）•

----- PAGE 293 -----
54. How is the advice giver likely to react to the rejection of their advice?
A) They may regard it as a threat. 
C) They get ready for a larger conflict.
B) They may modify their behavior. 
D) They begin to doubt their self-worth.
55. What should the advice receiver do to avoid unnecessary conflict?
A) Concede the advice is perfectly reasonable.
B) Give their reasons for not taking the advice.
C) Understand why the advice giver offers the advice.
D) Explain their chosen way of handling the situation.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
中华民族崇尚自强自立的精神，这一精神深植于中国文化之中，是民族生存与发展的重要支撑。
改革开放以来，中国在自强自立的征程上，持续加大科研投入，在信息技术、人工智能、航天工程等
领域不断取得新突破。5G 网络覆盖全国，远程医疗发展迅速，电子支付的使用全球领先，嫦娥探月工
程展现了航天领域引人注目的发展。自强自立精神成为推动国家现代化进程的强大动力，激励着中国
人民为实现民族复兴(rejuvenation)的中国梦不断奋进。
• 2025年12月六级真题(第二套)•
18

----- PAGE 294 -----
大学英语六级考试2025年12月真题（第三套）
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence "It is
believed that teachers can exert a profound influence on their students5 academic pursuit and personal
development?5 You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay.
You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
（30 minutes）
特别说明：由于多题多卷，官方第三套真题的听力试题与第一套真题的一致，只是选项顺序不同，因此，
本套试卷不再提供听力部分。
Part in 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter: Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
Ifs best to think of an accent as a distinct, systematic and rule-governed way of speaking. Accent is not
a 
26 
for dialect, but ifs related. Dialect is an umbrella term for the way a community pronounces words,
creates words, and orders words; accent refers to that first part only.
Many 
27 
presume that there is a single standard way of speaking in each country, with one single
standard accent, and that this perceived standard is 
28 
the best form of speech, but linguists (语言 学家)
often point out that the concept of a standard accent is better understood as an ideal rather than a 
29 . In other
words, no one speaks “standard English^^; rather, it is an imagined way of using language that exists only in
grammar and style books.
One reason linguists agree there is no one true standard is that, through the years, there have been
30 
supposed standards, depending on time and place. The standard fbr English in British newsreels (新闻
片) from the 1950s, for example, differs greatly from the standard found on American national news broadcasts
today. In fact, there has never been a single standard thafs been fully agreed upon- and broadcast outlets across
the 31 
have never consistently held to those standards anyway.
Even so, this idea of a standard accent is 
32 
and many workplace and educational environments
perpetuate the idea that accents that 
33 
from the current standard are less appropriate, or even inappropriate.
Scholars have found that southern U.S. accent features are more accepted in 
34 
such as government, law and
service-oriented workplaces, but less accepted in the technology sector. The acceptability of nonstandard accents
may 35 with differences in class and culture, with newer or higher prestige industries expecting more standard
speech in the workplace.
19
• 2025年12月六级真题（第三套）•

----- PAGE 295 -----
A) affix
I) properties
B) correlate
J) reality
C) deviate
K) reciprocally
D) domains
L) specimen
E) influential
M) spectrum
F) inherently
N) synonym
G) laymen
H) multiple
O) unanimous
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
The History and Meaning of Colored Traffic Lights
A) Timed traffic lights are set according to schedules that are supposed to coordinate with peak traffic hours.
Cities need to monitor and update signal light time schedules at least every two years to keep these systems
effective. In Los Angeles, California, an ambitious project to go a step further and synchronize (使同步)
every red light in Los Angeles cost over 400 million dollars. Ask a resident of the city and they are likely to
agree that saving time on the road is well worth it. If implemented nationwide, synchronization could shave
10% off traffic congestion (堵塞)and 20% off air pollution. Congestion costs time, money, and lives. Big
data can help improve how millions of people safely share the road. However, none of this would be possible
without the traffic light!
B) The first traffic light was invented in London in the 1860's, but it was hardly recognizable- or effective.
It had been adapted from the railroad signal system by a railway manager, John Peak Knight, in 1868. The
railroads used red gas lights at night to signal stops and green gas lights during the daytime. Knight installed
a similar gas light, semaphore (臂板信号)system near London's Westminster Bridge in December of 1868.
C) The life of the first traffic light signal was short-lived. A gas leak caused one of the signal lights to explode on
its police officer operator within a month of being installed.
D) Automating traffic signals stalled after the London incident. Forty years passed before cars crowding city
streets urged the development of traffic lights in the United States. London would not see another traffic light
until 1929.
E) The United States is a car culture like no other country. Unlike most European cities that started urban
planning when horses were high-tech, many cities in the United States were designed around urban sprawl,
suburban tracts, and motor cars.
F) As traffic and cities grew, so did the race to solve growing traffic problems. The first traffic signals were
semaphores. Semaphores are towers with moving arms signaling for traffic to stop or go. They could be
manual or automatic. There was no consistent design. Various models were invented and put into place in
cities as the need arose.
G) In 1912, Lester Wire was a police officer exhausted by traffic at Main Street and 200 South. He developed a
manually switched stop light. The four-sided box, raised on a ten-foot pole, looked like a birdhouse and was
operated manually by an officer. The officer would flip a switch to change between the dipped red and green lights.
H) Like the 1910 semaphore, the first electric signal used words. However, the words were no longer written
on arms that raised and fell. The words "stop" or "move" were on lights. The posts lit up on each of four
comer-posts around an intersection (十字路口). It was not automated, though. A booth with an operator was
required to flip the switches.
■ 2025年12月六级真题（第三套）•
20

----- PAGE 296 -----
I) The system allowed police officers to move from the middle of the street to a comer. From that vantage (有
利地位)，an officer could oversee the crowd. If an emergency vehicle came, the officer could flip a switch
and clear the intersection by triggering all red lights. The emergency vehicle could now pass eflbrtlessly.
Finally, in San Francisco the first red and green electric light system that could be operated automatically (or
manually) was introduced in 1917.
J) In 1920, the first three-color light system was introduced in Detroit- also known as Motor City, USA. The
evolution of traffic light signals could not have a more appropriate context than Motor City. Ford Motor
Company was founded in Detroit in 1903 (and other motor companies followed). Ford made cars affordable
for more common people, rather than the wealthy, by creating larger scale factory production.
K) Stop and go were insufficient for the new volumes of cars zooming through intersections. Streets were full of
new numbers of cars in addition to delivery wagons, bustling crowds, bicycles, horse-drawn carriages, and
street cars. The introduction of the cautionary yellow light helped increase driver safety, decreasing accidents
that come from running red lights.
L) Stop lights were incredibly important in chaotic city streets. Crosswalks weren't even introduced until 1951.
The first pedestrian fatality in the United States was in 1899.
M) The development of the modem traffic light may have started in London, but it grew up in the United States.
In Cleveland, an African-American inventor named Garrett Morgan came up with an affordable, patented
traffic signal. The yellow light made intersections safer than the old stop and go system. The new design was
inexpensive enough that it allowed the installation of a lot more lights.
N) Morgan sold the patent to General Electric- and the spread of the traffic light was green lighted. Green
means go. It is that simple, but ifs still best to check both ways for oncoming traffic that may not be paying
attention or is running the light. Yellow means slow down and prepare to stop. It does not mean full-throttle
(全速)ahead. While you may get away with gunning it into the intersection, running a yellow can lead to
tickets and dangerous accidents. Red lights are a clear and consistent warning to stop. Even where right turns
are allowed on red lights, you must come to a complete stop before turning right. You must also yield to
any through traffic, which has the right of way. In most states and cities, you can take a right on red unless
otherwise indicated. New York City does not allow a right on red.
O) Red arrows mean you cannot turn right on a red in most states. The green arrow, in these cases, is the only
time you can make the turn. However, you can take a right on a red arrow after a full stop in the states of
Illinois, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, New Hampshire, North Dakota, Oregon, South Carolina,
Utah, Washington State and Wyoming.
P) Flashing Red is the same as a stop sign, generally used at four-way intersections where there is minimal
traffic. When arriving at a flashing red light, make a full and complete stop. Flashing Red Arrows similarly
mean to stop and then proceed to take the turn. Flashing Yellow lights mean yield or signal caution, like
outside of a fire station. There are no all-direction flashing yellow lights, since it is prohibited in the United
States. If you have a flashing yellow light, you are to yield to oncoming traffic.
Q) Flashing Yellow Arrows are part of a four-signal traffic light. These are used in some states after a protected
green turn signal, or arrow, but before a steady yellow arrow. When a flashing yellow arrow is shown, you can
take the turn after yielding to pedestrians and traffic. Steady Yellow Arrows maintain the normal yellow light
• caution in three-light signals, meaning to stop or prepare to stop. In a four-signal system that has a flashing
yellow arrow, the steady yellow arrow is a signal that the yield period is ending. The red arrow is about to start.
Vehicles should stop if safely possible. Traffic tickets are possible for running a steady yellow arrow.
R) Traffic light meaning is fairly consistent across the board with various deviations. Green means ifs safe to
proceed (though you should still exercise caution). Yellow means caution and yield. Red means danger and
stop. Always drive defensively and obey traffic signals.
36. Upon seeing a flashing yellow arrow, a driver should let pedestrians and traffic pass first before taking the
turn.
37. The red and green automatic traffic light system originated in an American city.
21
• 2025年12月六级真题（第三套）•

----- PAGE 297 -----
38. Residents of an American city tend to share the opinion that time saved on the road justifies the cost of
upgrading its traffic light system.
39. Mass production of cars made it possible for ordinary people to buy them.
40. What a traffic light means is almost the same everywhere despite some variations.
41. Pedestrian crossings came into being only in the mid-twentieth century.
42. People raced to address increasing traffic problems along with the expansion of cities and traffic.
43. When the warning yellow light was introduced, driving became safer and traffic accidents reduced.
44. The signal system on the railroad served as the basis fbr the first traffic light.
45. Even though a green light signals "go", attention should be paid to traffic on either side in case some driver is
being careless or ignoring a red light.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best
choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Mindfulness has been shown to have a number of meaningful health benefits—it can help reduce anxiety
and promote healing in those suffering from chronic illness.
The practice is based on an insight first described in ancient Buddhist texts that human beings have
the capacity to observe experience without being caught up in it. This means simply that it is possible to
observe ourselves having a craving, or a happy thought, or even a scary emotion, without reacting in the
moment in a way that amplifies the feeling or sends the mind spiraling off into thinking about old memories
or anticipating events.
This practice of mindfulness can help calm the mind and the body as we learn not to react to experience
with likes and dislikes or judgments of good and bad. It does not make us cold or indifferent but more fully
present.
One of the challenges of practicing mindfulness in our contemporary world is that there has been a profound
transformation in human attention. The artist Jenny Odell argues that in our ""attention economy“ human attention
has been transformed into a commodity that big corporations buy and sell. This economy rests on a technological
revolution of mobile phones and social media that makes it possible for corporations to target our attention with
their content at every moment.
The devices most people use are a perpetual diversion from the present moment. The result is that it can
feel as though our ability to focus, and be fully present, has been stolen. But mindfulness can help us resist the
attention economy and relish the things that make life special, like being together with those we love.
Most mindfulness research focuses on the individual benefits of the practice, but some scholars assert that
we can not only practice mindfulness for ourselves but also practice it for others. It can help us build stronger,
healthier relationships.
The sad truth is that living in the attention economy, most of us have become bad listeners. However, just as
it is possible to watch ourselves having an experience without reacting, ifs possible to watch another person have
an experience without getting tied up in reactivity and judgment.
The gift of mindfulness is a practice of listening with compassion to others describe their experiences.
To give this gift means putting away your phone, turning off social media, and setting aside other common
distractions. It means practicing being fully present in another person's presence and listening to them with
complete attention without judgment, while resisting the urge to make the interaction about you.
If we judge the value of gifts based on their price, this gift may seem worthless, but in a distracted world, it
is a precious one.
• 2025年12月六级真题（第三套）-
22

----- PAGE 298 -----
46. What do we learn from the passage about practicing mindfulness?
A) It triggers our mind to reflect on past experiences or anticipate future events.
B) It focuses our attention on the present moment without making judgments.
C) It concentrates our mind on our personal feelings, happy or scary.
D) It helps our mind to stay calm when facing judgments from others.
47. What do we see in today's ""attention economy55 according to Jenny Odell?
A) Focus on technological advances continuously updates products and services.
B) People's attention is turned into something that can be bought and sold.
C) Businesses profit from selling mobile phones and revolutionizing social media.
D) People tend to purchase products and services without careful thinking.
48. What happens with the prevalent use of mobile phones or social media?
A) They keep distracting users from the here and now.
B) They render users incapable of resisting temptation.
C) They rob users of their ability to observe experience.
D) They tempt users to endorse the attention economy.
49. What benefit can practicing mindfulness bring to us according to some scholars?
A) It prevents us from making arbitrary judgments about others.
B) It shifts our attention from material things to spiritual pursuits.
C) It is conducive to our forging better interpersonal relationships.
D) It is helpful in regaining our ability to enjoy what we have in life.
50. What does the author suggest we do in another person's presence?
A) Share each other's experience frankly and compassionately.
B) Pay full attention to establishing close relationships with them.
C) Be attentive listeners while refraining from making judgments.
D) Remind them of the distraction from mobile phones and social media.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
The other day I had to log into a service I hadn't used before. Since I was a new user, the website decided
that it needed to check I wasn't a robot and so set me a Captcha test to determine whether the user is a person or
a machine.
I was presented with an image of a roadside scene over which was laid a grid. My “challenge“ was to click
on each cell in the grid that contained a traffic sign. I did so, a bit irritated. Then I was presented with another
image and another grid—also with a request to identify road signs. Like a lamb, I complied, after which the
website accepted my input.
And then I realised what I had been doing was adding to a dataset fbr training the machine-learning software
that guides self-driving cars. So, to gain access to an automated service that will benefit financially from my
input, I first have to do some unpaid labour to help improve the performance of autonomous vehicles.
Neat, eh? But note also the delicious additional irony that the Captcha is described as an ""automated Turing
test”. The Turing test was conceived, you may recall, as a way of enabling humans to determine whether a
machine could respond in such a way that one couldn't tell whether it was a human or a robot. So we have
wandered into a world in which machines make us do tricks to prove that we are humans!
The strangest aspect of this unparalleled shift is how under-discussed it has been. The metaphor of the
boiling frog comes to mind. Have we become so subtly conditioned by digital technology that we don't see
whafs been happening to us? Have we been conditioned to accept a world governed by “smart" tech, trading
convenience to the point where we become a bit like machines ourselves?
In a recent startling and thoughtful book, two scholars- Brett Frischmann, a law professor, and Evan
Selinger, a philosopher- argue that the answer to that question is "yes".
23
■ 2025年12月六级真题（第三套）.

----- PAGE 299 -----
And they're right. There's nothing technophobic (技术恐，
惧的)about that. We shape our tools and then our
tools shape us. Technology is supposed to provide tools that serve human ends. But, as the machine-learning
Captcha demonstrates, a significant proportion of digital tech now sees (and uses) humans as means to ends that
are not ours. In the process, they reduce us to the status of cheery rats running on treadmills (踏车)designed by
people who do not have our interests at heart. So back to the frog metaphor. Are we smart enough to jump out
before ifs too late? You don't even have to Google it to know the answer.
51. How did the author respond to the Captcha test?
A) He clicked on the cells randomly. 
C) He completed it confidently.
B) He accepted the challenge readily. 
' D) He worked on it submissively.
52. What is ironic about the Captcha test?
A) A machine can respond to the test as well as humans do.
B) A machine can outperform humans in object identification.
C) A test designed to test machines is now used by machines to test humans.
D) A test conceived to tell a human from a robot can now do tricks humans can't.
53. Why does the author use the metaphor of the boiling frog?
A) To show that humans are unwilling to trade convenience for control by smart tech.
B) To show that humans are unaware of the potential danger brought by smart tech.
C) To question whether humans are conditioned to accept digital tech.
D) To question whether humans are as vulnerable as the boiling frog.
54. Why does the author think that Brett Frischmann and Evan Selinger are right?
A) A large part of digital tech is now making use of humans to meet its own ends.
B) Humans are now fast locked in a race against digital tech to control the world.
C) Digital tech can serve human needs in ways previously thought impossible.
D) Digital tech is now doing thinking while humans are doing repetitive work.
55. What does the author imply by asking “Are we smart enough to jump out before it's too late?” at the end of
the passage?
A) It is not sensible to expect digital tech to take humans5 interest to heart.
B) It is hard to say whether technology or humans will get the upper hand.
C) We may have to search the web to get the answer to the question.
D) We may not awake in time to the danger digital tech poses to us.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
芭俭(frugality)是中华民族的传统美德。在中国古代，生产力低下，先人们深知劳动成果来之不
易，因而秉持节俭的理念。到了物质极大丰富的今天，中国人民依然坚持节俭的生活方式，体现了理
性消费的生活理念和对劳动的尊重。近年来，中国政府持续加强节约型社会的建设，倡导“光盘行动”，
减少食物浪费，提倡简约低碳的生活方式，推进资源循环利用，反对过度消费。节约型社会的建设有
力地推动了中国经济的高质量发展。
• 2025年12月六级真题（第三套）•
24
