
----- PAGE 1 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
— Band Six一
（2016年6 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 2 -----
2016年6月大学英语六级考试真题第1套
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In 出is section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end o f each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
4) , B ) , C) and D ) . Then mark the corresponding letter on A n s w e r  S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Project organizer.
B) Public relations officer.
C) Marketing manager.
D) Market research consultant.
扫码获音频
2. A) Quantitative advertising research.
B) Questionnaire design.
C) Research methodology.
D) Interviewer training.
3. A) They are intensive studies of people's spending habits.
B) They examine relations between producers and customers.
C) They look for new and effective ways to promote products.
D) They study trends or customer satisfaction over a long period.
4. A) The lack of promotion opportunity. 
C) Designing questionnaires.
B) Checking charts and tables. 
D) The persistent intensity.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) His view on Canadian universities.
B) His understanding of higher education.
C) His suggestions for improvements in higher education.
D) His complaint about bureaucracy in American universities.
6. A) It is well designed. 
C) It varies among universities.
B) It is rather inflexible. 
D) It has undergone great changes.
7. A) The United States and Canada can learn from each other.
B) Public universities are often superior to private universities.
C) Everyone should be given equal access to higher education.
D) Private schools work more efficiently than public institutions.
1

----- PAGE 3 -----
8. A) University systems vary from country to country.
B) Efficiency is essential to university management.
C) It is hard to say which is better, a public university or a private one.
D) Many private universities in the US are actually large bureaucracies.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ) ,
C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Governments role in resolving an economic crisis.
B) The worsening real wage situation around the world.
C) Indications of economic recovery in the United States.
D) The impact of the current economic crisis on people's life.
10. A) They will feel less pressure to raise employees9 wages.
B) They will feel free to choose the most suitable employees.
C) They will feel inclined to expand their business operations.
D) They will feel more confident in competing with their rivals.
11. A) Employees and companies cooperate to pull through the economic crisis.
B) Government and companies join hands to create jobs for the unemployed.
C) Employees work shorter hours to avoid layoffs.
D) Team work will be encouraged in companies.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Whether memory supplements work.
B) Whether herbal medicine works wonders.
13. A) They help the elderly more than the young.
B) They are beneficial in one way or another.
14. A) They are available at most country fairs.
B) They are taken in relatively high dosage.
C) Whether exercise enhances one's memory.
D) Whether a magic memory promises success.
C) They generally do not have side effects.
D) They are not based on real science.
C) They are collected or grown by farmers.
D) They are prescribed by trained practitioners.
2

----- PAGE 4 -----
15. A) They have often proved to be as helpful as doing mental exercise.
B) Taking them with other medications might entail unnecessary risks.
C) Their effect lasts only a short time.
D) Many have benefited from them.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) How catastrophic natural disasters turn out to be to developing nations.
B) How the World Meteorological Organization studies natural disasters.
C) How powerless humans appear to be in face of natural disasters.
D) How the negative impacts of natural disasters can be reduced.
17. A) By training rescue teams for emergencies.
B) By taking steps to prepare people for them.
C) By changing people's views of nature.
D) By relocating people to safer places.
18. A) How preventive action can reduce the loss of life.
B) How courageous Cubans are in face of disasters.
C) How Cubans suffer from tropical storms.
D) How destructive tropical storms can be.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Pay back their loans to the American government.
B) Provide loans to those in severe financial difficulty.
C) Contribute more to the goal of a wider recovery.
D) Speed up their recovery from the housing bubble.
20. A) Some banks may have to merge with others.
B) Many smaller regional banks are going to fail.
C) It will be hard for banks to provide more loans.
D) Many banks will have to lay off some employees.
3

----- PAGE 5 -----
21. A) It will work closely with the government. 
C) It will try to lower the interest rate.
B) It will endeavor to write off bad loans. 
D) It will try to provide more loans.
22. A) It won't help the American economy to turn around.
B) It won't do any good to the major commercial banks.
C) It will win the approval of the Obama administration.
D) It will be necessary if the economy starts to shrink again.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) Being unable to learn new things. 
C) Losing temper more and more often.
B) Being rather slow to make changes. 
D) Losing the ability to get on with others.
24. A) Cognitive stimulation. 
C) Balanced diet.
B) Community activity. 
D) Fresh air.
25. A) Ignoring the signs and symptoms of aging.
B) Adopting an optimistic attitude towards life.
C) Endeavoring to give up unhealthy lifestyles.
D) Seeking advice from doctors from time to time.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each
blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage
through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter.
Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a single line
through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Pursuing a career is an essential part of adolescent development. " The adolescent becomes an
adult when he 
26 
a real job." To cognitive researchers like Piaget, adulthood meant the
beginning of an 
27 
.
Piaget argued that once adolescents enter the world of work, their newly acquired ability to form
hypotheses allows them to create representations that are too ideal. The 
28 
of such ideals,
without the tempering of the reality of a job or profession, rapidly leads adolescents to become
29 
of the non-idealistic world and to press for reform in a characteristically adolescent way.
Piaget said: " True adaptation to society comes 
30 
when the adolescent reformer attempts to put
his ideas to work.”
Of course, youthful idealism is often courageous, and no one likes to give up dreams. Perhaps,
4

----- PAGE 6 -----
taken 
31 
out of context, Piagefs statement seems harsh. What he was 
32 
, however, is the way
reality can modify idealistic views. Some people refer to such modification as maturity. Piaget argued
that attaining and accepting a vocation is one of the best ways to modify idealized views and to mature.
As careers and vocations become less available during times of 
33 
, adolescents may be
especially hard hit. Such difificult economic times may leave many adolescents 
34 
about their roles in
society. For this reason, community interventions and government job programs that offer summer and
vacation work are not only economically 
35 
but also help to stimulate the adolescents sense of worth.
A) automatically
B) beneficial
C) capturing
D) confused
E) emphasizing
F) entrance
G) excited
H) existence
I) incidentally
J) intolerant
K) occupation
L) promises
M) recession
N) slightly
O) undertakes
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Can Societies Be Rich and Green?
[A] "If our economies are to flourish, if global poverty is to be eliminated and if the well-being of
the world's people enhanced—not just in this generation but in succeeding generations—we must
make sure we take care of the natural environment and resources on which our economic activity
depends." That statement comes not, as you might imagine, from a stereotypical tree-hugging,
save-the-world greenie (环保主义者)，but from Gordon Brown, a politician with a reputation for
rigor, thoroughness and above all, caution.
[B] A surprising thing for the man who runs one of the world's most powerful economies to say?
Perhaps; though in the run-up to the five-year review of the Millennium (千年的)Goals, he is far
from alone. The roots of his speech, given in March at the roundtable meeting of environment
and energy ministers from the G20 group of nations, stretch back to 1972, and the United Nations
Conference on the Human Environment in Stockholm.
5

----- PAGE 7 -----
[C] " The protection and improvement of the human environment is a major issue which affects the
well-being of peoples and economic development throughout the world,“ read the final
declaration from this gathering, the first of a sequence which would lead to the Rio de Janeiro
Earth Summit in 1992 and the World Development Summit in Johannesburg three years ago.
[D] Hunt through the reports prepared by UN agencies and development groups- many for
conferences such as this year's Millennium Goals review- and you will find that the linkage
between environmental protection and economic progress is a common thread.
[E] Managing ecosystems sustainably is more profitable than exploiting them, according to the
Millennium Ecosystem Assessment. But finding hard evidence to support the thesis is not so easy.
Thoughts turn first to some sort of global statistic, some indicator which would rate the wealth of
nations in both economic and environmental terms and show a relationship between the two.
[F] If such an indicator exists, it is well hidden. And on reflection, this is not surprising; the single
wordu environmentM has so many dimensions, and there are so many other factors affecting
wealth- such as the oil deposits- that teasing out a simple economy-environment relationship
would be almost impossible.
[G] The Millennium Ecosystem Assessment, a vast four-year global study which reported its initial
conclusions earlier this year, found reasons to believe that managing ecosystems sustainably一
working with nature rather than against it—might be less profitable in the short term, but
certainly brings long-term rewards.
[H] And the World Resources Institute （WRI） in its World Resources 2005 report, issued at the end of
August, produced several such examples from Africa and Asia; it also demonstrated that
environmental degradation affects the poor more than the rich, as poorer people derive a much
higher proportion of their income directly from the natural resources around them.
[I] But there are also many examples of growing wealth by trashing the environment, in rich and poor
parts of the world alike, whether through unregulated mineral extraction, drastic water use for
agriculture, slash-and-bum farming, or fossil-fiiel-gu^Zmg （大量消耗）transport. Of course, such
growth may not persist in the long term-  which is what Mr. Brown and the Stockholm
declaration were both attempting to point out. Perhaps the best example of boom growth and bust
decline is the Grand Banks fishery. For almost five centuries a very large supply of cod （i t  鱼）
provided abundant raw material for an industry which at its peak employed about 40,000 people,
sustaining entire communities in Newfoundland. Then, abruptly, the cod population collapsed.
There were no longer enough fish in the sea for the stock to maintain itself, let alone an industry.
More than a decade later, there was no sign of the ecosystem re-building itself. It had, apparently,
been fished out of existence; and the once mighty Newfoundland fleet now gropes about
frantically for crab on the sea floor.
6

----- PAGE 8 -----
[J] There is a view that modem humans are inevitably sowing the seeds of a global Grand Banks-
style disaster. The idea is that we are taking more out of what you might call the planets
environmental bank balance than it can sustain; we are living beyond our ecological means. One
recent study attempted to calculate the extent of this “ ecological overshoot of the human
economy,“ and found that we are using 1.2 Earth's-worth of environmental goods and services一
the implication being that at some point the debt will be called in, and all those services- the
things which the planet does for us for free- will grind to a halt.
[K] Whether this is right, and if so where and when the ecological axe will fall, is hard to determine with
any precision- which is why governments and financial institutions are only beginning to bring such
risks into their economic calculations. It is also the reason why development agencies are not united in
their view of environmental issues; while some, like the WRI, maintain that environmental progress
needs to go hand-in-hand with economic development, others argue that the priority is to build a
thriving economy, and then use the wealth created to tackle environmental degradation.
[L] This view assumes that rich societies will invest in environmental care. But is this right? Do
things get better or worse as we get richer? Here the Stockholm declaration is ambiguous. u In the
developing countries,“ it says, “ most of the environmental problems are caused by under­
development.5 J So it is saying that economic development should make for a cleaner world? Not
necessarily. " In the industrialised countries, environmental problems are generally related to
industrialisation and technological development/5 it continues. In other words, poor and rich both
over-exploit the natural world, but for different reasons. It's simply not true that economic growth
will surely make our world cleaner.
[M] Clearly, richer societies are able to provide environmental improvements which lie well beyond
the reach of poorer communities. Citizens of wealthy nations demand national parks, clean rivers,
clean air and poison-free food. They also, however, use far more natural resources- fuel, water
(all those baths and golf courses) and building materials.
[N] A case can be made that rich nations export environmental problems, the most graphic example
being climate change. As a country's wealth grows, so do its greenhouse gas emissions. The
figures available will not be completely accurate. Measuring emissions is not a precise science,
particularly when it comes to issues surrounding land use; not all nations have released up-to-date
data, and in any case, emissions from some sectors such as aviation are not included in national
statistics. But the data is exact enough for a clear trend to be easily discernible. As countries
become richer, they produce more greenhouse gases; and the impact of those gases will fall
primarily in poor parts of the world.
[O] Wealth is not, of course, the only factor involved. The average Norwegian is better off than the
average US citizen, but contributes about half as much to climate change. But could Norway keep
its standard of living and yet cut its emissions to Moroccan or even Ethiopian levels? That
7

----- PAGE 9 -----
question, repeated across a dozen environmental issues and across our diverse planet, is what will
ultimately determine whether the human race is living beyond its ecological means as it pursues
economic revival.
36. Examples show that both rich and poor countries exploited the environment for economic progress.
37. Environmental protection and improvement benefit people all over the world.
38. It is not necessarily true that economic growth will make our world cleaner.
39. The common theme of the UN reports is the relation between environmental protection and
economic growth.
40. Development agencies disagree regarding how to tackle environment issues while ensuring
economic progress.
41. It is difficult to find solid evidence to prove environmental friendliness generates more profits than
exploiting the natural environment.
42. Sustainable management of ecosystems will prove rewarding in the long run.
43. A politician noted for being cautious asserts that sustainable human development depends on the
natural environment.
44. Poor countries will have to bear the cost for rich nations' economic development.
45. One recent study warns us of the danger of the exhaustion of natural resources on Earth.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are two passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Interactive television advertising, which allows viewers to use their remote controls to click on
advertisements, has been pushed for years. Nearly a decade ago it was predicted that viewers of
“Friends,“ a popular situation comedy, would soon be able to purchase a sweater like Jennifer
Aniston's with a few taps on their remote control. "It's been the year of interactive television
advertising for the last ten or twelve years J  says Colin Dixon of a digital-media consultancy.
8

----- PAGE 10 -----
So the news that Cablevision, an American cable company, was rolling out interactive
advertisements to all its customers on October 6th was greeted with some skepticism. During
commercials, an overlay will appear at the bottom of the screen, prompting viewers to press a button
to request a free sample or order a catalogue. Cablevision hopes to allow customers to buy things
with their remote controls early next year.
Television advertising could do with a boost. Spending fell by 10% in the first half of the year.
The popularization of digital video recorders has caused advertisers to worry that their commercials
will be skipped. Some are turning to the Internet, which is cheaper and offers concrete measurements
like click-through rates—especially important at a time when marketing budgets are tight. With the
launch of interactive advertising, “ many of the dollars that went to the Internet will come back to the
TV,“ says David Kline of Cablevision. Or so the industry hopes.
In theory, interactive advertising can engage viewers in a way that 30-second spots do not.
Unilever recently ran an interactive campaign for its Axe deodorant (除臭剂)，which kept viewers
engaged for more than three minutes on average.
The amount spent on interactive advertising on television is still small. Magna, an advertising
agency, reckons it will be worth about $ 138 million this year. That falls far short of the billions of
dollars people once expected it to generate. But DirecTV, Comcast and Time Warner Cable have all
invested in it. A new effort led by Canoe Ventures, a coalition of leading cable providers, aims to make
interactive advertising available across America later this year. BrightLine iTV, which designs and sells
interactive ads, says interest has surged: it expects its revenues almost to triple this year. BSkyB,
Britain's biggest satellite-television service, already provides 9 million customers with interactive ads.
Yet there are doubts whether people watching television, a u lean back” medium, crave interaction.
Click-through rates have been high so far (around 3 - 4% , compared with less than 0.3% online), but
that may be a result of the novelty. Interactive ads and viewers might not go well together.
46. What does Colin Dixon mean by saying "It's been the year of interactive television advertising
for the last ten or twelve years” (Lines 4 - 5 ,  Para.l)?
A) Interactive television advertising will become popular in 10-12 years.
B) Interactive television advertising has been under debate for the last decade or so.
C) Interactive television advertising is successful when incorporated into situation comedies.
D) Interactive television advertising has not achieved the anticipated results.
47. What is the public's response to Cablevision's planned interactive TV advertising program?
A) Pretty positive. 
C) Somewhat doubtful.
B) Totally indifferent. 
D) Rather critical.
48. What is the impact of the wide use of digital video recorders on TV advertising?
A) It has made TV advertising easily accessible to viewers.
B) It helps advertisers to measure the click-through rates.
C) It has placed TV advertising at a great disadvantage.
D) It enables viewers to check the sales items with ease.
9

----- PAGE 11 -----
49. What do we learn about Unilevefs interactive campaign?
A) It proves the advantage of TV advertising.
B) It has done well in engaging the viewers.
C) It helps attract investments in the company.
D) It has boosted the TV advertising industry.
50. How does the author view the hitherto high click-through rates?
A) They may be due to the novel way of advertising.
B) They signify the popularity of interactive advertising.
C) They point to the growing curiosity of TV viewers.
D) They indicate the future direction of media reform.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
What can be done about mass unemployment? All the wise heads agree: there^e no quick or
easy answers. There's work to be done, but workers aren't ready to do it- they're in the wrong places,
or they have the wrong skills. Our problems are “structural,“ and will take many years to solve.
But don't bother asking for evidence that justifies this bleak view. There isn't any. On the contrary,
all the facts suggest that high unemployment in America is the result of inadequate demand. Saying that
there're no easy answers sounds wise, but it's actually foolish: our unemployment crisis could be cured
very quickly if we had the intellectual clarity and political will to act. In other words, structural
unemployment is a fake problem, which mainly serves as an excuse for not pursing real solutions.
The fact is job openings have plunged in every major sector, while the number of workers forced
into part-time employment in almost all industries has soared. Unemployment has surged in every
major occupational category. Only three states, with a combined population not much larger than that
of Brooklyn, have unemployment rates below 5% . So the evidence contradicts the claim that we're
mainly suffering from structural unemployment. Why, then, has this claim become so popular?
Part of the answer is that this is what always happens during periods of high unemployment- in
part because experts and analysts believe that declaring the problem deeply rooted, with no easy
answers, makes them sound serious.
I've been looking at what self-proclaimed experts were saying about unemployment during the
Great Depression; it was almost identical to what Very Serious People are saying now. Unemployment
cannot be brought down rapidly, declared one 1935 analysis, because the workforce is u unadaptable
and untrained. It cannot respond to the opportunities which industry may offer." A few years later, a
large defense buildup finally provided a fiscal stimulus adequate to the economy's needs- and
suddenly industry was eager to employ those u unadaptable and untrained” workers.
But now, as then, powerful forces are ideologically opposed to the whole idea of government
action on a sufficient scale to jump-start the economy. And that, fundamentally, is why claims that we
face huge structural problems have been multiplying: they offer a reason to do nothing about the mass
io

----- PAGE 12 -----
unemployment that is crippling our economy and our society.
So what you need to know is that there's no evidence whatsoever to back these claims. We aren't
suffering from a shortage of needed skills; we're suffering from a lack of policy resolve. As I said,
structural unemployment isn't a real problem, it's an excuse- a reason not to act on America's
problems at a time when action is desperately needed.
51. What does the author think is the root cause of mass unemployment in America?
A) Corporate mismanagement. 
C) Technological advances.
B) Insufficient demand. 
D) Workers' slow adaptation.
52. What does the author think of the experts5 claim concerning unemployment?
A) Self-evident. 
C) Irrational.
B) Thought-provoking. 
D) Groundless.
53. What does the author say helped bring down unemployment during the Great Depression?
A) The booming defense industry. 
C) Nationwide training of workers.
B) The wise heads' benefit package. 
D) Thorough restructuring of industries.
54. What has caused claims of huge structural problems to multiply?
A) Powerful opposition to governments stimulus efforts.
B) Very Serious People's attempt to cripple the economy.
C) Evidence gathered from many sectors of the industries.
D) Economists' failure to detect the problems in time.
55. What is the author's purpose in writing the passage?
A) To testify to the experts' analysis of America's problems.
B) To offer a feasible solution to the structural unemployment.
C) To show the urgent need for the government to take action.
D) To alert American workers to the urgency for adaptation.
Part IV
T ranslation
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A n sw er S h e e t 2.
中国的创新正以前所未有的速度蓬勃发展Q 为了在科学技术上尽快赶超世界发达国家，中
国近年来大幅度增加了研究开发资金。中国的大学和研究所正在积极开展创新研究，这些研究
覆盖了从大数据到生物化学、从新能源到机器人等各类高科技领域。它们还与各地的科技园合
作,使创新成果商业化。与此同时,无论在产品还是商业模式上，中国企业家也在努力争做创新
的先锋，以适应国内外消费市场不断变化和增长的需求。
11

----- PAGE 13 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part 1 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on living in the virtual
world. Try to imagine what will happen when people spend more and more time in the
virtual world instead of interacting in the real world. You are required to write at least
150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
——
姓 
名:_______________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！
12

----- PAGE 14 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
— Band Six一
（2016年6 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 15 -----
2016年6月大学英语六级考试真题第2套
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
4) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) The project the man managed at Cucin Tech.
B) The updating of technology at Cucin Tech.
C) The man's switch to a new career.
D) The restructuring of her company.
扫码获音频
2. A) Talented personnel.
B) Strategic innovation.
3. A) Expand the market.
B) Recruit more talents.
4. A) Possible bankruptcy.
B) Unforeseen difficulties.
C) Competitive products.
D) Effective promotion.
C) Innovate constantly.
D) Watch out fbr his competitors.
C) Conflicts within the company.
D) Imitation by one's competitors.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) The job of an interpreter.
B) The stress felt by professionals.
C) The importance of language proficiency.
D) The best way to effective communication.
6. A) Promising.
B) Admirable.
C) Rewarding.
D) Meaningful.
7. A) They all have a strong interest in language.
B) They all have professional qualifications.
C) They have all passed language proficiency tests.
D) They have all studied cross-cultural differences.
8 .A) It requires a much larger vocabulary.
B) It attaches more importance to accuracy.
C) It is more stressful than simultaneous interpreting.
D) It puts one's long-term memory under more stress.
1

----- PAGE 16 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ) ,
C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It might affect mother's health.
B)it might disturb infants' sleep.
C) It might increase the risk of infants5 death.
D) It might increase mothers' mental distress.
10. A) Mothers who breast-feed their babies have a harder time falling asleep.
B) Mothers who sleep with their babies need a little more sleep each night.
C) Sleeping patterns of mothers greatly aflect their newborn babies' health.
D) Sleeping with infants in the same room has a negative impact on mothers.
11. A) Change their sleep patterns to adapt to their newborn babies'.
B) Sleep in the same room but not in the same bed as their babies.
C) Sleep in the same house but not in the same room as their babies.
D) Take precautions to reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) A lot of native languages have already died out in the US.
B) The US ranks first in the number of endangered languages.
C) The efforts to preserve Indian language have proved fruitless.
D) More money is needed to record the native language in the US.
13. A) To set up more language schools. 
C) To educate native American children
B) To document endangered languages. 
D) To revitalise America's native languages.
14. A) The US govemmenfs policy of Americanising Indian children.
B) The failure of American Indian languages to gain an official status.
C) The US governments unwillingness to spend money educating Indians.
D) The long-time isolation of American Indians from the outside world.
15. A) It is being utilised to teach native languages.
B) It tells traditional stories during family time.
C) It speeds up the extinction of native languages.
D) It is widely used in language immersion schools.
2

----- PAGE 17 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It pays them up to half of their previous wages while they look for work.
B) It covers their mortgage payments and medical expenses for 99 weeks.
C) It pays their living expenses until they find employment again.
D) It provides them with the basic necessities of everyday life.
17. A) Creating jobs for the huge army of unemployed workers.
B) Providing training and guidance for unemployed workers.
C) Convincing local lawmakers to extend unemployment benefits.
D) Raising funds to help those having no unemployment insurance.
18. A) To offer them loans they need to start their own businesses.
B) To allow them to postpone their monthly mortgage payments.
C) To create more jobs by encouraging private investments in local companies.
D) To encourage big businesses to hire back workers with government subsidies
.Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They measured the depths of sea water. 
C) They explored the ocean floor.
B) They analyzed the water content. 
D) They investigated the ice.
20. A) Eighty percent of the ice disappears in summer time.
B) Most of the ice was accumulated over the past centuries.
C) The ice ensures the survival of many endangered species.
D) The ice decrease is more evident than previously thought.
21. A) Arctic ice is a major source of the worlds' fresh water.
B) The melting Arctic ice has drowned many coastal cities.
C) The decline of Arctic ice is irreversible.
D) Arctic ice is essential to human survival.
22. A) It will do a lot of harm to mankind. 
C) It will advance nuclear technology.
B) There is no easy way to understand it. 
D) There is no easy technological solution to it.
3

----- PAGE 18 -----
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) The reason why New Zealand children seem to have better self-control.
B) The relation between children's self-control and their future success.
C) The health problems of children raised by a single parent.
D) The deciding factor in children's academic performance.
24. A) Children raised by single parents will have a hard time in their thirties.
B) Those with a criminal record mostly come from single parent families.
C) Parents must learn to exercise self-control in front of their children.
D) Lack of self-control in parents is a disadvantage for their children.
25. A) Self-control can be improved through education.
B) Self-control can improve one's financial situation.
C) Self-control problems may be detected early in children.
D) Self-control problems will diminish as one grows up.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Let's say you love roller-skating. Just the thought of 
26 
on your roller-skates brings a smile
to your face. You also know that roller-skating is excellent exercise. You have a 
27 
attitude
toward it.
This description of roller-skating 
28 
the three components of an attitude: affect, cognition,
and behavior. You love the activity; it's great fun. These feelings 
29 
the affective or emotional
component; they are an important ingredient in attitudes. The knowledge we have about the object
constitutes the cognitive component of an attitude. You understand the health 
30 
that the activity
can bring. Finally, attitudes have a behavioral component. Our attitudes 
31 
us to go outside to
enjoy roller-skating.
Now, we don't want to leave you with the 
32 
that these three components always work
together 
33 
. They don't; sometimes they clash. For example, let's say you love pizza (affective
component); however, you have high cholesterol and understand (knowledge component) that eating
pizza may be bad for your health. Which behavior will your attitude result in, eating pizza or 
34
it? The answer depends on which component happens to be stronger. If you are walking past a pizza
restaurant at lunchtime, your emotions and feelings probably will be stronger than your knowledge
that pizza may not be the best food for your health. In that instance, you have pizza for lunch. If you
are at home trying to decide where to go for dinner, however, the knowledge component may
35 
, and you decide to go where you can eat a healthier meal.
4

----- PAGE 19 -----
A) avoiding
B) benefits
C) highlight
D) illustrates
E) impression
F) improves
G) inquiring
H) perfectly
I) positive
J) prevail
K) primarily
L) prompt
M) specifications
N) strapping
O) typical
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains infarmation given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
The Changing Generation
[A] It turns out today's teenagers aren't so scary after all. Results of USA WEEKEND'S Teens &
Parents survey reveal a generation of young people who get along well with their parents and
approve of the way they're being raised. They think of their parents with affection and respect.
They speak with Mom or Dad when they have a problem. Most feel that their parents understand
them, and they believe their family is the No. 1 priority in their parents' lives. Many even think
their parents are cool! Although more than a third have an object in their rooms they would like
to keep secret from their parents, rarely is it anything more alarming than a diary or off-color (低
俗的)book or CD.
[B] Such results may seem surprising against the background of shocking incidents that color the way
the mass media portray the young. In October 2000, the same month the survey was taken, the
Washington-based Center for Media and Public Affairs wrote in its publication Media Monitor
that, in a recent month of TV news coverage of American youth, just 2% of teens were shown at
home, and just 1% were portrayed in a work setting. In contrast, the criminal justice system
accounted for nearly one out of every five visual backgrounds. No wonder parents worry their
own kids might spin out of control once they hit the turbulent waters of adolescence.
[C] The overall facts ought to reassure us. The survey shows us that today's teens are affectionate, sensible
and far happier than the angry and tortured souls that have been painted for us by stereotypes. From
other sources, we also know teenage crime, drug abuse and premarital sex are in general decline. We,
5

----- PAGE 20 -----
of course, need to pay attention to youngsters who are filled with discontent and hostility, but we
should not allow these extreme cases to distort our view of most young people.
[D] My own research at the Stanford Center on Adolescence uses in-depth interviews with small
samples of youngsters rather than large-scale surveys. Still, in my studies and others I have read,
I find the same patterns as in USA WEEKEND'S survey. Toda/s teenagers admire their parents
and welcome parental guidance about important matters such as career choice- though certainly
not Mom and Dad's advice on matters of personal taste, such as music or fashion. When we ask
teens to choose a hero, they usually select an older family member rather than a remote public
figure. Most teens say they enjoy the company of both parents and friends.
[E] Contrary to some stereotypes, most adolescents believe they must be tolerant of differences among
individuals （though they do not always find this easy in the cliquish （拉帮结派的）environment of
high school）. Many of them volunteer for community service with disadvantaged people. One
prevalent quality we have found in teens' statements about themselves, their friends and their
families is a strikingly positive emotional tone. By and large, these are very nice kids, and as the
band The Who used to sing, “The kids are alright.v
[F] How much is today's spirit of harmony a change from our more turbulent past? A mere generation
ago, parent-child relations were described as “ the generation gap." Yet even then reports of
widespread youth rebellion were overdone: Most kids in the '60s and '70s shared their parents9
basic values. Still, it is trae that American families are growing closer at the dawn of this new
millennium （千年）. Perhaps there is less to fight about, with the country in a period of tranquility
and the dangers of drug abuse and other unwholesome behavior well known. Perhaps in the face
of impersonal and intimidating globalization, a young person's family feels more like a friendly
haven than an oppressive trap. And perhaps parents are acting more like parents than in the recent
past. Within just the past five years. I have noticed parents returning to a belief that teenagers
need the guidance of elders rather than the liberal, u anything goes” mode of child-rearing that
became popular in the second half of the 20th century.
[G] But missing from all these data is the sense that today's young care very much about their
country, about the broader civic and political environment, or about the future of their society.
They seem to be turning inward-generally in a pro-social manner, certainly with positive benefits
for intimate relationships, but too often at the expense of a connection with the present and future
world beyond, including the society they will one day inherit.
[H] Recently, we examined more than 400 essays on the “ laws of life” that teens from two
communities had written as part of an educational program initiated by the John Templeton
Foundation in Radnor, Pa. In those essays, and in follow-up interviews with a few of the
6

----- PAGE 21 -----
teenagers, we found lots of insight, positive feeling and inspirational thinking. But we also found
little interest in civic life beyond the tight circles of their family and immediate friends.
[I] For example, only one boy said he would like to be president when he grows up. When I was in
high school, dozens in my class alone would have answered differently. In fact, other recent
studies have found there has never been a time in American history when so small a proportion of
young people have sought or accepted leadership roles in local civic organizations. It is also
troubling that voting rates among our youngest eligible voters— 18-to 24-year-olds-
are way
down: Little more than one in four now go to the polls, even in national elections, compared with
almost twice that many when 18-year-olds were first given the vote.
[J] In our interviews, many students viewed politics with suspicion and distaste. ""Most politicians are kind
of crooked (不诚实的)J  one student declared. Another, discussing national politics, said, “I feel like
one person can't do that much, and I get the impression most people don't think a group of people can
do that much.” Asked what they would like to change in the world, the students mentioned only
personal concerns such as slowing down the pace of life, gaining good friends, becoming more
spiritual, becoming either more materially successful or less materially oriented (depending on the
studenfs values), and being more respectful of the Earth, animals and other people. One boy said, "I'd
rather be concentrating on artistic efforts than saving the world or something.”
[K] It is fine and healthy for teens to cultivate their personal interests, and it is good news when
young people enjoy harmonious relations with their family and friends. But there is also a place
in a young life for noble purposes that include a dedication to the broader society, a love of
country and an aspiration to make their own leadership contributions.
[L] In the past, the young have eagerly participated in national service and civic affairs, often with
lots of energy and idealism. If this is not happening today, we should ask why. Our society needs
the full participation of its younger citizens if it is to continue to thrive. We know the promise is
there- this is a well-grounded, talented, warm-hearted group of youngsters. We have everything
to gain by encouraging them to explore the world beyond their immediate experience and to
prepare themselves for their turn at shaping that world.
36. Not many young people eligible fbr voting are interested in local or national elections these days.
37. Parents are concerned that their children may get involved in criminal offences once they reach
their teens.
38. Even during the turbulent years of last century, youth rebellion was often exaggerated in the media.
7

----- PAGE 22 -----
39. Teenagers of today often turn to their parents for advice on such important matters as career choice.
40. The incidence of teenage crime and misbehavior is decreasing nowadays.
41. Young people should have lofty ideals in life and strive to be leaders.
42. Some young people like to keep something to themselves and don't want their parents to know
about it.
43. It is beneficial to encourage young people to explore the broader word and get ready to make it a
better place.
44. Many teenagers now offer to render service to the needy.
45. Interviews with students find many of them are only concerned about personal matters.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet
2 with a single line through the center.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Manufacturers of products that claim to be environmentally friendly will face tighter rules on
how they are advertised to consumers under changes proposed by the Federal Trade Commission.
The commission's revised “Green Guides” warn marketers against using labels that make broad
claims, like a eco-friendly.v Marketers must qualify their claims on the product packaging and limit
them to a specific benefit, such as how much of the product is recycled.
“This is really about trying to cut through the confusion that consumers have when they are
buying a product and that businesses have when they are selling a product,“ said Jon Leibowitz,
chairman of the commission.
The revisions come at a time when green marketing is on the rise. According to a new study, the
number of advertisements with green messages in mainstream magazines has risen since 1987, and
peaked in 2008 at 10.4%. In 2009, the number dropped to 9% .
But while the number of advertisements may have dipped, there has been a rapid spread of
eco-labeling. There are both good and bad players in the eco-labeling game.
In the last five years or so, there has been an explosion of green claims and environmental
claims. It is clear that consumers don't always know what they are getting.
8

----- PAGE 23 -----
A handful of lawsuits have been filed in recent years against companies accused of using
misleading environmental labels. In 2008 and 2009, class-action lawsuits (集体诉讼)were filed
against SC Johnson for using “Greenlist” labels on its cleaning products. The lawsuits said that the
label was misleading because it gave the impression that the products had been certified by a third
party when the certification was the company's own.
“ We are very proud of our accomplishments under the Greenlist system and we believe that we
will prevail in these cases,“ Christopher Beard, director of public affairs for SC Johnson, said, while
acknowledging that u this has been an area that is difficult to navigate.n
Companies have also taken it upon themselves to contest each othefs green claims.
David Mallen, associate director of the Council of Better Business Bureau, said in the last two
years the organization had seen an increase in the number of claims companies were bringing against
each other for false or misleading environmental product claims.
u About once a week, I have a client that will bring up a new certification I've never even heard of
and I'm in this industry；' said Kevin Wilhelm, chief executive officer of Sustainable Business Consulting.
“It's kind of a Wild West, anybody can claim themselves to be green." Mr. Mlhelm said the excess of
labels made it difficult fbr businesses and consumers to know which labels they should pay attention to.
46. What do the revised “Green Guides” require businesses to do?
A) Manufacture as many green products as possible.
B) Indicate whether their products are recyclable.
C) Specify in what way their products are green.
D) Attach green labels to all of their products.
47. What does the author say about consumers facing an explosion of green claims?
A) They can easily see through the businesses9 tricks.
B) They have to spend lots of time choosing products.
C) They have doubt about current green certification.
D) They are not clear which products are truly green.
48. What was SC Johnson accused of in the class-action lawsuits?
A) It gave consumers the impression that all its products were truly green.
B) It gave a third party the authority to label its products as environmentally friendly.
C) It misled consumers to believe that its products had been certified by a third party.
D) It sold cleaning products that were not included in the official "Greenlist.”
49. How did Christopher Beard defend his company's labeling practice?
A) There were no clear guidelines concerning green labeling.
B) His company's products had been well received by the public.
C) It was in conformity to the prevailing practice in the market.
D) No law required the involvement of a third party in certification.
9

----- PAGE 24 -----
50. What does Kevin Wilhelm imply by saying "It's kind of a Wild Westn (Line 3, Para. 11)?
A) Businesses compete to produce green products.
B) Each business acts its own way in green labeling.
C) Consumers grow wild with products labeled green.
D) Anything produced in the West can be labeled green.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
America's education system has become less a ladder of opportunity than a structure to transmit
inequality from one generation to the next.
Thafs why school reform is so critical. This is an issue of equality, opportunity and national
conscience. It's not just about education, but about poverty and justice.
It's true that the main reason inner-city schools do poorly isn't teachers9 unions, but poverty.
Southern states without strong teachers5 unions have schools at least as awful as those in union states.
Some Chicago teachers seem to think that they shouldn't be held accountable until poverty is solved.
There're steps we can take that would make some difference, and Mayor Rahm Emanuel is trying
some of them—yet the union is resisting.
rd be sympathetic if the union focused solely on higher compensation. Teachers need to be
much better paid to attract the best college graduates to the nation's worst schools. But, instead, the
Chicago union seems to be using its political capital primarily to protect weak performers.
There9s solid evidence that there are huge differences in the effectiveness of teachers. The gold
standard study by Harvard and Columbia University scholars found that even in high-poverty schools,
teachers consistently had a huge positive or negative impact.
Get a bottom 1 % teacher, and the effect is the same as if a child misses 40% of the school year.
Get a teacher from the top 20%，and it's as if a child has gone to school fbr an extra month or two.
The study found that strong teachers in the fourth through eighth grades raised the skills of their
students in ways that would last for decades. Just having a strong teacher for one elementary year left
pupils a bit less likely to become mothers as teenagers, a bit more likely to go to college and earning
more money at age 28.
How does one figure out who is a weak teacher? Yes, thafs a challenge. But researchers are
improving systems to measure a teachefs performance throughout the year, and, with three years of
data, it's usually possible to tell which teachers are failing.
Unfortunately, the union in Chicago is insisting that teachers who are laid off- often for being
ineffective- should get priority in new hiring. That's an insult to students.
Teaching is so important that it should be like other professions, with high pay and good
working conditions but few job protections for bottom performers.
This isn't a battle between garment workers and greedy bosses. The central figures in the
Chicago schools strike are neither strikers nor managers but 350,000 children. Protecting the union
demand sacrifices those students, in effect turning a blind eye to the injustice in the education system.
10

----- PAGE 25 -----
51. What do we learn about America's education system?
A) It provides a ladder of opportunity for the wealthy.
B) It contributes little to the elimination of inequality.
C) It has remained basically unchanged fbr generations.
D) It has brought up generations of responsible citizens.
52. What is chiefly responsible fbr the undesirable performance of inner-city schools?
A) Unqualified teachers. 
C) Unfavorable learning environment.
B) Lack of financial resources. 
D) Subconscious racial discrimination.
53. What does the author think the union should do to win popular support?
A) Assist the city government in reforming schools.
B) Give constructive advice to inner-city schools.
C) Demand higher pay for teachers.
D) Help teachers improve teaching.
54. What is the finding of the gold standard study by Harvard and Columbia University scholars?
A) Many inner-city school teachers are not equal to their jobs.
B) A large proportion of inner-city children often miss classes.
C) Many students are dissatisfied with their teachers.
D) Students performance has a lot to do with teachers.
55. Why does the author say the Chicago union's demand is an insult to students?
A) It protects incompetent teachers at the expense of students.
B) It underestimates students' ability to tell good teachers from poor ones.
C) It makes students feel that they are discriminated against in many ways.
D) It totally ignores students9 initiative in the learning process.
Part IV
T ranslation
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A n sw er S h e e t 2
旗胞(qipao)是一种雅致的中国服装，源于中国的遒族(Manchu Nationality)。在清代，旗
袍是森女性穿着的宽松长袍。上世纪2 0 年代，受西岳嬴?影响，旗袍发生了一些变化。袖口
(cuffs)变窄，袍身变短。这些变化使女性美得以充分展现。
如今，旗袍经常出现在世界级的时装秀上。中国女性出席重要社交聚会时,旗袍往往是她
们的首选。很多中国新娘也会选择旗袍作为结婚礼服。一些有影响的人士甚至建议将旗袍作
为中国女性的民族服饰。
11

----- PAGE 26 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part 1 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the use o f robots.
Try to imagine what will happen when more and more robots take the place of human
beings in industry as well as people's daily lives. You are required to write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息
准考证号：
 
」
姓 
名:_______________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！
12

----- PAGE 27 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
— Band Six一
（2016年6 月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 28 -----
2016年6月大学英语六级考试真题第3套
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
^ < « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « ^
l 
特别说明 
1
l 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
I
I 第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
M^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » > ^ 1
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each
blank from a list of choices given in a word bank fallowing the passage. Read the passage
through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter.
Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a single line
through the center. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The robotics revolution is set to bring humans face to face with an old fear- man-made
creations as smart and capable as we are but without a moral compass. As robots take on ever more
complex roles, the question naturally 
26 
: Who will be responsible when they do something
wrong? Manufacturers? Users? Software writers? The answer depends on the robot.
Robots already save us time, money and energy. In the future, they will improve our health care,
social welfare and standard of living. The 
27 
of computational power and engineering advances
will 
28 
enable lower-co st in-home care fbr the disabled, 
29 
use of driverless cars that may
reduce drunk- and distracted-driving accidents and countless home and service-industry uses for
robots, from street cleaning to food preparation.
But there are 
30 
to be problems. Robot cars will crash. A drone (遥控飞行器)operator will
31 
someone's privacy. A robotic lawn mower will run over a neighbor's cat. Juries sympathetic
to the 
32 
of machines will punish entrepreneurs with company-crushing 
33 
and damages.
What should governments do to protect people while 
34 
space for innovation?
Big, complicated systems on which much public safety depends, like driverless cars, should be
built, 
35 
and sold by manufacturers who take responsibility for ensuring safety and are liable for
1

----- PAGE 29 -----
accidents. Governments should set safety requirements and then let insurers price the risk of the
robots based on the manufacturers driving record, not the passengers.
A) arises
B) ascends
C) bound
D) combination
E) definite
F) eventually
G) interfere
H) invade
I) manifesting
J) penalties
K) preserving
L) programmed
M) proximately
N) victims
O) widespread
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er Sheet 2.
Reform and Medical Costs
[A] Americans are deeply concerned about the relentless rise in health care costs and health insurance
premiums. They need to know if reform will help solve the problem. The answer is that no one
has an easy fix for rising medical costs. The fundamental fix—reshaping how care is delivered
and how doctors are paid in a wasteful, abnormal system- is likely to be achieved only through
trial and error and incremental (渐进的)gains.
[B] The good news is that a bill just approved by the House and a bill approved by the Senate
Finance Committee would implement or test many reforms that should help slow the rise in
medical costs over the long term. As a report in The New England Journal of Medicine concluded,
u Pretty much every proposed innovation found in the health policy literature these days is
contained in these measures.n
[C] Medical spending, which typically rises faster than wages and the overall economy, is propelled
by two things: the high prices charged for medical services in this country and the volume of
unnecessary care delivered by doctors and hospitals, which often perform a lot more tests and
treatments than a patient really needs.
[D] Here are some of the important proposals in the House and Senate bills to try to address those
problems, and why it is hard to know how well they will work.
2

----- PAGE 30 -----
[E] Both bills would reduce the rate of growth in annual Medicare payments to hospitals, nursing
homes and other providers by amounts comparable to the productivity savings routinely made in
other industries with the help of new technologies and new ways to organize work. This proposal
could save Medicare more than $ 100 billion over the next decade. If private plans demanded
similar productivity savings from providers, and refused to let providers shift additional costs to
them, the savings could be much larger. Critics say Congress will give in to lobbyists and let
inefficient providers off the hook （放过）.That is far less likely to happen if Congress also adopts
strong “pay-go” rules requiring that any increase in payments to providers be offset by new taxes
or budget cuts.
[F] The Senate Finance bill would impose an excise tax （7肖费税）on health insurance plans that cost
more than $ 8,000 for an individual or $ 21,000 for a family. It would most likely cause insurers
to redesign plans to fall beneath the threshold. Enrollees would have to pay more money fbr many
services out of their own pockets, and that would encourage them to think twice about whether an
expensive or redundant test was worth it. Economists prqject that most employers would shift
money from expensive health benefits into wages, The House bill has no similar tax. The final
legislation should.
[G] Any doctor who has wrestled with multiple forms from different insurers, or patients who have
tried to understand their own parade of statements, know that simplification ought to save money.
When the health insurance industry was still cooperating in reform efforts, its trade group offered
to provide standardized forms for automated processing. It estimated that step would save
hundreds of billions of dollars over the next decade. The bills would lock that pledge into law.
[H] The stimulus package provided money to convert the inefficient, paper-driven medical system to
electronic records that can be easily viewed and transmitted. This requires open investments to
help doctors convert. In time it should help restrain costs by eliminating redundant tests,
preventing drug interactions, and helping doctors find the best treatments.
[I] Virtually all experts agree that the fee-for-service system- doctors are rewarded for the quantity of
care rather than its quality or effectiveness- is a primary reason that the cost of care is so high.
Most agree that the solution is to push doctors to accept fixed payments to care fbr a particular
illness or for a patienfs needs over a year. No one knows how to make that happen quickly. The
bills in both houses would start pilot projects within Medicare. They include such measures as
accountable care organizations to take charge of a patients needs with an eye on both cost and
quality, and chronic disease management to make sure the seriously ill, who are responsible for the
bulk of all health care costs, are treated properly. For the most part, these experiments rely on
incentive payments to get doctors to try them.
[J] Testing innovations do no good unless the good experiments are identified and expanded and the
bad ones are dropped. The Senate bill would create an independent commission to monitor the
pilot programs and recommend changes in Medicare's payment policies to urge providers to adopt
3

----- PAGE 31 -----
reforms that work. The changes would have to be approved or rejected as a whole by Congress,
making it hard for narrow-interest lobbies to bend lawmakers to their will.
[K] The bills in both chambers would create health insurance exchanges on which small businesses
and individuals could choose from an array of private plans and possibly a public option. All the
plans would have to provide standard benefit packages that would be easy to compare. To get
access to millions of new customers, insurers would have a strong incentive to lower their prices,
perhaps by accepting slimmer profit margins or demanding better deals from providers.
[L] The final legislation might throw a public plan into the competition, but thanks to the fierce
opposition of the insurance industry and Republican critics, it might not save much money. The
one in the House bill would have to negotiate rates with providers, rather than using Medicare
rates, as many reformers wanted.
[M] The presidents stimulus package is pumping money into research to compare how well various
treatments work. Is surgery, radiation or careful monitoring best for prostate (前歹腺)cancer? Is
the latest and most expensive cholesterol-lowering drug any better than its common competitors?
The pending bills would spend additional money to accelerate this effort.
[N] Critics have charged that this sensible idea would lead to rationing of care. (That would be true
only if you believed that patients should have an unrestrained right to treatments proven to be
inferior.) As a result, the bills do not require, as they should, that the results of these studies be
used to set payment rates in Medicare.
[O] Congress needs to find the courage to allow Medicare to pay preferentially for treatments proven
to be superior. Sometimes the best treatment might be the most expensive. But overall, we suspect
that spending would come down through elimination of a lot of unnecessary or even dangerous
tests and treatments.
[P] The House bill would authorize the secretary of health and human services to negotiate drug
prices in Medicare and Medicaid. Some authoritative analysts doubt that the secretary would get
better deals than private insurers already get. We believe negotiation could work. It does in other
countries.
[Q] Missing from these bills is any serious attempt to rein in malpractice costs. Malpractice awards do
drive up insurance premiums for doctors in high-risk specialties, and there is some evidence that
doctors engage in u defensive medicinen by performing tests and treatments primarily to prove
they are not negligent should they get sued.
36. With a tax imposed on expensive health insurance plans, most employers will likely transfer
money from health expenses into wages.
4

----- PAGE 32 -----
37. Changes in policy would be approved or rejected as a whole so that lobbyists would find it hard
to influence lawmakers.
38. It is not easy to curb the rising medical costs in America.
39. Standardization of forms for automatic processing will save a lot of medical expenses.
40. Republicans and the insurance industry are strongly opposed to the creation of a public insurance plan.
41. Conversion of paper to electronic medical records will help eliminate redundant tests and prevent
drug interactions.
42. The high cost of medical services and unnecessary tests and treatments have driven up medical
expenses.
43. One main factor that has driven up medical expenses is that doctors are compensated for the
amount of care rather than its effect.
44. Contrary to analysts' doubts, the author believes drug prices may be lowered through negotiation.
45. Fair competition might create a strong incentive for insurers to charge less.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D), You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
S h eet 2 with a single line through the center.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Facing water shortages and escalating fertilizer costs, farmers in developing countries are using
raw sewage (下水道污水)to irrigate and fertilize nearly 49 million acres of cropland, according to a
new report- and it may not be a bad thing.
While the practice carries serious health risks for many, those dangers are outweighed by the
social and economic gains for poor urban farmers and consumers who need affordable food.
u There is a large potential for wastewater agriculture to both help and hurt great numbers of
urban consumers J  said Liqa Raschid-Sally, who led the study.
The report focused on poor urban areas, where farms in or near cities supply relatively
inexpensive food. Most of these operations draw irrigation water from local rivers or lakes. Unlike
developed cities, however, these areas lack advanced water-treatment facilities, and rivers effectively
become sewers (下水道).
5

----- PAGE 33 -----
When this water is used for agricultural irrigation, farmers risk absorbing disease-causing
bacteria, as do consumers who eat the produce raw and unwashed. Nearly 2.2 million people die each
year because of diarrhea-related (与腹泻相关的)diseases, according to WHO statistics. More than
80% of those cases can be attributed to contact with contaminated water and a lack of proper
sanitation. But Pay Drechsel, an environmental scientist, argues that the social and economic benefits
of using untreated human waste to grow food outweigh the health risks.
Those dangers can be addressed with farmer and consumer education, he said, while the free water
and nutrients from human waste can help urban farmers in developing countries to escape poverty.
Agriculture is a water-intensive business, accounting for nearly 70% of global fresh water
consumption.
In poor, dry regions, untreated wastewater is the only viable irrigation source to keep farmers in
business. In some cases, water is so scarce that farmers break open sewage pipes transporting waste to
local rivers.
Irrigation is the primary agricultural use of human waste in the developing world. But frequently
untreated human waste harvested from lavatories is delivered to farms and spread as fertilizer.
In most cases, the human waste is used on grain crops, which are eventually cooked, minimizing
the risk of transmitting water-borne diseases. With fertilizer prices jumping nearly 50% per metric ton
over the last year in some places, human waste is an attractive, and often necessary, alternative.
In cases where sewage mud is used, expensive chemical fertilizer use can be avoided. The mud
contains the same critical nutrients.
u Overly strict standards often fbil,“ James Bartram, a WHO water-health expert, said. "We need
to accept that fact across much of the planet, so waste with little or no treatment will be used in
agriculture fbr good reason.n
46. What does the author say about the use of raw sewage for farming?
A) Its risks cannot be overestimated. 
C) Its benefits outweigh the hazards involved.
B) It should be forbidden altogether. 
D) It is polluting millions of acres of cropland.
47. What is the main problem caused by the use of wastewater for irrigation?
A) Rivers and lakes nearby will gradually become contaminated.
B) It will drive producers of chemical fertilizers out of business.
C) Farmers and consumers may be affected by harmful bacteria.
D) It will make the farm produce less competitive on the market.
48. What is environmental scientist Pay DrechseFs attitude towards the use of untreated human waste
in agriculture?
A) Favorable. 
C) Indifferent.
B) Skeptical. 
D) Responsible.
49. What does Pay Dreschsel think of the risks involved in using untreated human waste for farming?
A) They have been somewhat exaggerated.
B) They can be dealt with through education.
6

----- PAGE 34 -----

----- PAGE 35 -----

----- PAGE 36 -----

----- PAGE 37 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
— Band Six一
（2016年1 2 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 38 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
回雁零回
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
回丽魂5
扫码获音频
1. A) It tries to predict the possible trends of global climate change.
B) It studies the impacts of global climate change on people's lives.
C) It links the science of climate change to economic and policy issues.
D) It focuses on the efforts countries can make to deal with global warming.
2. A) It will take a long time before a consensus is reached on its impact.
B) It would be more costly to deal with its consequences than to avoid it.
C) It is the most pressing issue confronting all countries.
D) It is bound to cause endless disputes among nations.
3. A) The transition to low-carbon energy systems. 
C) The signing of a global agreement.
B) The cooperation among world major powers. 
D) The raising of people's awareness.
4. A) Carry out more research on it. 
C) Plan well in advance.
B) Cut down energy consumption. 
D) Adopt new technology.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) When luck plays a role. 
C) Whether practice makes perfect.
B) What determines success. 
D) How important natural talent is.
6. A) It knocks at your door only once in a while.
B) It is something that no one can possibly create.
C) It comes naturally out of one's self-confidence.
D) It means being good at seizing opportunities.
7. A) Luck rarely contributes to a person's success.
B) One must have natural talent to be successful.
C) One should always be ready to seize opportunities.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 39 -----
D) Practice is essential to becoming good at something.
8. A) Putting time and effort into fun things is profitable.
B) People who love what they do care little about money.
C) Being passionate about work can make one wealthy.
D) People in need of money work hard automatically.
Section B
Directions ：In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked 4 ) , B) , C)
and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) The stump of a giant tree.
B) A huge piece of rock.
C) The peak of a mountain.
D) A tall chimney.
10. A) Human activity.
B) Wind and water.
C) Chemical processes.
D) Fire and fury.
11. A) It is a historical monument.
B) It was built in ancient times.
C) It is Indians, sacred place for worship.
D) It was created by supernatural powers.
12. A) By sheltering them in a cave.
B) By killing the attacking bears.
C) By lifting them well above the ground.
D) By taking them to the top of a mountain.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A) They will buy something from the convenience stores.
B) They will take advantage of the time to rest a while.
C) They will have their vehicles washed or serviced.
D) They will pick up some souvenirs or gift items.
14. A) They can bring only temporary pleasures.
B) They are meant for the extremely wealthy.
C) They should be done away with altogether.
D) They may eventually drive one to bankruptcy.
6 ・
 2

----- PAGE 40 -----
15. A) A good way to socialize is to have daily lunch with one's colleagues.
B) Retirement savings should come first in one's family budgeting.
C) A vacation will be affordable if one saves 20 dollars a week.
D) Small daily savings can make a big difference in one's life.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They should be done away with. 
C) They enrich our experience.
B) They are necessary in our lives. 
D) They are harmful to health.
17. A) They feel stressed out even without any challenges in life.
B) They feel too overwhelmed to deal with life's problems.
C) They are anxious to free themselves from life's troubles.
D) They are exhausted even without doing any heavy work.
18. A) They expand our mind. 
C) They narrow our fbcus.
B) They prolong our lives. 
D) They lessen our burdens.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It is not easily breakable. 
C) It represents the latest style.
B) It came from a 3D printer. 
D) It was made by a fashion designer.
20. A) When she had just graduated from her college.
B) When she attended a conference in New York.
C) When she was studying at a fashion design school.
D) When she attended a fashion show nine months ago.
21. A) It was difficult to print. 
C) It was hard and breakable.
B) It was hard to come by. 
D) It was extremely expensive.
22. A) It is the latest model of a 3D printer.
B) It is a plastic widely used in 3D printing.
C) It gives fashion designers room for imagination.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 41 -----
D) It marks a breakthrough in printing material.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) They arise from the advances in technology.
B) They have not been examined in detail so far.
C) They are easy to solve with modem technology.
D) They can't be solved without government support.
24. A) It is attractive to entrepreneurs. 
C) It focuses on new products.
B) It demands huge investment. 
D) It is intensely competitive.
25. A) Cooperation with big companies. 
C) In-service training of IT personnel.
B) Recruiting more qualified staff. 
D) Sharing of costs with each other.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank front a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
It is important that scientists be seen as normal people asking and answering important questions.
Good, sound science depends on 
26 
, experiments and reasoned methodologies. It requires a
willingness to ask new questions and try new approaches. It requires one to take risks and experience
failures. But good science also requires 
27 
understanding, clear explanation and concise
presentation.
Our country needs more scientists who are willing to step out in the public 
28 
and offer
their opinions on important matters. We need more scientists who can explain what they are doing in
language that is 
29 
and understandable to the public. Those of us who are not scientists should
also be prepared to support public engagement by scientists, and to 
30 
scientific knowledge into
our public communications.
Too many people in this country, including some among our elected leadership, still do not
understand how science works or why robust, long-range investments in research vitally matter. In the
1960s, the United States 
31 
nearly 17% of / sere加九ary(可酌情支配的)spending to research
and development, 
32 
decades of economic growth. By 2008, the figure had fallen into the single
33 
This occurs at a time when other nations have made significant gains in their own research
capabilities.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 42 -----
At the University of California (UC), we 
34 
ourselves not only on the quality of our
research, but also on its contribution to improving our world. To 
35 
the development of science
from the lab bench to the market place, UC is investing our own money in our own good ideas.
A)
arena
I)
incorporate
B)
contextual
J)
indefinite
C)
convincing
K)
indulge
D)
devoted
L)
inertia
E)
digits
M) pride
F)
hasten
N)
reaping
G)
hypotheses
0)
warrant
H)
impairing
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2.
Are We in an Innovation Lull?
[A] Scan the highlights of this year's Consumer Electronics Show (CES), and you may get a slight
feeling of having seen them before. Many of the coolest gadgets this year are the same as the
coolest gadgets last year- or the year before, even. The booths are still exciting, and the demos
are still just as crazy. It is still easy to be dazzled by the display of drones (无人机)，3D printers,
virtual reality goggles (目艮镜)and more “ smart“ devices than you could ever hope to catalog.
Upon reflection, however, it is equally easy to feel like you have seen it all before. And it is hard
not to think: Are we in an innovation lull (间歇期)？
[B] In some ways, the answer is yes. For years, smartphones, televisions, tablets, laptops and desktops
have made up a huge part of the market and driven innovation. But now these segments are
looking at slower growth curves -  or shrinking markets in some cases -  as consumers are not as
eager to spend money on new gadgets. Meanwhile, emerging technologies -  the drones, 3D
printers and smart-home devices of the world -  now seem a bit too old to be called “the next big
thing/'
[C] Basically the tech industry seems to be in an awkward period now. u There is not any one-hit
wonder, and there will not be one for years to come,“ said Gary Shapiro, president and chief
6 • 5

----- PAGE 43 -----
executive of the Consumer Technology Association (CTA). In his eyes, however, that doesn't
necessarily mean that innovation has stopped. It has just grown up a little. 
Many industries are
going out of infancy and becoming adolescents,v Shapiro said.
[D] For instance, new technologies that are building upon existing technology have not found their
footing well enough to appeal to a mass audience, because, in many cases, they need to work
effectively with other devices to realize their full appeal. Take the evolution of the smart home,
for example. Companies are pushing it hard but make it almost overwhelming even to dip a toe
in the water for the average consumer, because there are so many compatibility issues to think
about. No average person wants to figure out whether their favorite calendar software works with
their fridge or whether their washing machine and tablet get along. Having to install a different
app for each smart appliance in your home is annoying; it would be nicer if you could manage
everything together. And while you may forgive your smartphone an occasional fault, you
probably have less patience fbr error messages from your door lock.
[E] Companies are promoting their own standards, and the market has not had time to choose a
winner yet as this is still very new. Companies that have long focused on hardware now have to
think of ecosystems instead to give consumers practical solutions to their everyday problems.
“The dialogue is changing from what is technologically possible to what is technologically
meaningful,said economist Shawn DuBravac. DuBravac works for CTA-  which puts on the
show each year -  and said that this shift to a search for solutions has been noticeable as he
researched his predictions for 2016.
[F] " So much of what CES has been about is the cool. It is about the flashiness and the gadgets,n
said John Curran, managing director of research at Accenture. But over the last couple of years,
and in this one in particular, we are starting to see companies shift from what is the largest screen
size, the smallest form factor or the shiniest object and more into what all of these devices do that
is practical in a consumer's life." Even the technology press conferences, which have been high-
profile in the past and reached a level of drama and theatrics fitting for a Las Vegas stage, have a
different bent to them. Rather than just dazzling with a high cool factor, there is a focus on the
practical. Fitbit, fbr example, released its first smartwatch Monday, selling with a clear purpose 一
to improve your fitness -  and promoting it as a "tool, not a toy." Not only that, it supports a
number of platforms: Apple's iOS, Google's Android and Microsoffs Windows phone.
[G] That seems to be what consumers are demanding, after all. Consumers are becoming increasingly
bored with what companies have to offer: A survey of 28,000 consumers in 28 countries released
by Accenture found consumers are not as excited about technology as they once were. For
example, when asked whether they would buy a new smartphone this year, only 48 percent said
yes- a six-point drop from 2015.
6 , 6

----- PAGE 44 -----
[H] And when it comes to the hyper-connected super-smart world that technology firms are painting
for us, it seems that consumers are growing more uneasy about handing over the massive
amounts of consumer data needed to provide the personalized, customized solutions that
companies need to improve their services. That could be another explanation for why companies
seem to be strengthening their talk of the practicality of their devices.
[I] Companies have already won part of the battle, having driven tech into every part of our lives,
tracking our steps and our very heartbeats. Yet the persistent question of “Why do I need that?”一
or, perhaps more tellingly, “ Why do you need to know that?”—dogs the steps of many new
ventures. Only 13 percent of respondents said that they were interested in buying a smartwatch in
2016, for example- an increase of just one percent from the previous year despite a year of high-
profile launches. That is bad news for any firm that may hope that smartwatches can make up
ground fbr maturing smartphone and tablet markets. And the survey found flat demand for fitness
monitors, smart thermostats。恒温器）and connected home cameras, as well.
[J] According to the survey, that lack of enthusiasm could stem from concerns about privacy and
security. Even among people who have bought connected devices of some kind, 37 percent said
that they are going to be more cautious about using these devices and services in the future. A full
18 percent have even returned devices until they feel they can get safer guarantees against having
their sensitive information hacked.
[K] That, too, explains the heavy Washington presence at this year's show, as these new technologies
intrude upon heavily regulated areas. In addition to many senior officials from the Federal Trade
and Federal Communications commissions, this year's list of policy makers also includes
appearances from Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, to talk about smart cities, and Federal
Aviation Administration Administrator Michael Huerta, to talk about drones.
[L] Curran, the Accenture analyst, said that increased government interest in the show makes sense as
technology becomes a larger part of our lives. u There is an incompatibility in the rate at which
these are advancing relative to the way we're digesting it,“ he said. u Technology is becoming
bigger and more aspirational, and penetrating almost every aspect of our lives. We have to
understand and think about the implications, and balance these great innovations with the potential
downsides they naturally carry with them."
36. Consumers are often hesitant to try smart-home devices because they are worried about
compatibility problems.
37. This year's electronics show featured the presence of many officials from the federal government.
38. The market demand for electronic devices is now either declining or not growing as fast as before.
6 • 7

----- PAGE 45 -----
39. One analyst suggests it is necessary to accept both the positive and negative aspects of innovative
products.
40. The Consumer Electronics Show in recent years has begun to focus more on the practical value
than the showiness of electronic devices.
41. Fewer innovative products were found at this year's electronic products show.
42. Consumers are becoming more worried about giving personal information to tech companies to
get customized products and services.
43. The Consumer Technology Association is the sponsor of the annual Consumer Electronics Show.
44. Many consumers wonder about the necessity of having their fitness monitored.
45. The electronic industry is maturing even though no wonder products hit the market.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The Paris climate agreement finalised in December last year heralded a new era for climate
action. For the first time, the world's nations agreed to keep global warming well below 
.
This is vital for climate-vulnerable nations. Fewer than 4% of countries are responsible for more
than half of the world's greenhouse gas emissions. In a study published in Nature Scientific Reports,
we reveal just how deep this injustice runs.
Developed nations such as Australia, the United States, Canada, and European countries are
essentially climate u free-riders": causing the majority of the problems through high greenhouse gas
emissions, while incurring few of the costs such as climate change's impact on food and water. In
other words, a few countries are benefiting enormously from the consumption of fossil fuels, while at
the same time contributing disproportionately to the global burden of climate change.
On the flip side, there are many “ forced riders”, who are suffering from the climate change
impacts despite having scarcely contributed to the problem. Many of the world's most climate-
vulnerable countries, the majority of which are African or small island states, produce a very small
quantity of emissions. This is much like a non-smoker getting cancer from second-hand smoke, while
6 ・
 8

----- PAGE 46 -----
the heavy smoker is fortunate enough to smoke in good health.
The Paris agreement has been widely hailed as a positive step forward in addressing climate
change for all, although the details on addressing a climate justicev can be best described as sketchy.
The goal of keeping global temperature rise u well belown 2℃ is commendable but the
emissions-reduction pledges submitted by countries leading up to the Paris talks are very unlikely to
deliver on this.
More than $ 100 billion in funding has been put on the table for supporting developing nations
to reduce emissions. However, the agreement specifies that there is no formal distinction between
developed and developing nations in their responsibility to cut emissions, effectively ignoring
historical emissions. There is also very little detail on who will provide the funds or, importantly, who
is responsible fbr their provision. Securing these funds, and establishing who is responsible fbr raising
them will also be vital for the future of climate-vulnerable countries.
The most climate-vulnerable countries in the world have contributed very little to creating the
global disease from which they now suffer the most. There must urgently be a meaningful
mobilisation of the policies outlined in the agreement if we are to achieve national emissions
reductions while helping the most vulnerable countries adapt to climate change.
And it is clearly up to the current generation of leaders from high-emitting nations to decide
whether they want to be remembered as climate change tyrants or pioneers.
46. The author is critical of the Paris climate agreement b e c a u s e .
A) it is unfair to those climate-vulnerable nations
B) it aims to keep temperature rise below 2 工 only
C) it is beneficial to only fewer than 4% of countries
D) it burdens developed countries with the sole responsibility
47. Why does the author call some developed countries climate "free-riders"?
A) They needn't worry about the food and water they consume.
B) They are better able to cope with the global climate change.
C) They hardly pay anything for the problems they have caused.
D) They are free from the greenhouse effects affecting u forced riders” .
48. Why does the author compare the u forced riders“ to second-hand smokers?
A) They have little responsibility for public health problems.
B) They are vulnerable to unhealthy environmental conditions.
C) They have to bear consequences they are not responsible for.
D) They are unaware of the potential risks they are confronting.
49. What does the author say about the $ 100 billion funding?
A) It will motivate all nations to reduce carbon emissions.
B) There is no final agreement on where it will come from.
6 • 9

----- PAGE 47 -----
C) There is no clarification of how the money will be spent.
D) It will effectively reduce greenhouse emissions worldwide.
50. What urgent action must be taken to realise the Paris climate agreement?
A) Encouraging high-emitting nations to take the initiative.
B) Calling on all the nations concerned to make joint efforts.
C) Pushing the current world leaders to come to a consensus.
D) Putting in effect the policies in the agreement at once.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Teenagers at risk of depression, anxiety and suicide often wear their troubles like a neon(霓虹
灯)sign. Their risky behaviors- drinking too much alcohol, using illegal drugs, smoking cigarettes
and skipping school- can alert parents and teachers that serious problems are brewing.
But a new study finds that there's another group of adolescents who are in nearly as much
danger of experiencing the same psychiatric symptoms: teens who use tons of media, don't get
enough sleep and have a sedentary｛不爱活动的)lifestyle.
Of course, that may sound like a description of every teenager on the planet. But the study warns
that it is teenagers who engage in all three of these practices in the extreme who are truly in jeopardy.
Because their behaviors are not usually seen as a red flag, these young people have been dubbed the
u invisible risk“ group by the study's authors.
“In some ways they're at greater risk of falling through the cracks,“ says researcher Vladimir
Carli. u While most parents, teachers and clinicians would react to an adolescent using drugs or
getting drunk, they may easily overlook teenagers who are engaging in inconspicuous behaviors."
The study's authors surveyed 12,395 students and analyzed nine risk behaviors, including
excessive alcohol use, illegal drug use, heavy smoking, high media use and truancy ( 逃学).Their aim
was to determine the relationship between these risk behaviors and mental health issues in teenagers.
About 58% of the students demonstrated none or few of the risk behaviors. Some 13% scored
high on all nine of the risk behaviors. And 29%, the u invisible risk" group, scored high on three in
particular: They spent five hours a day or more on electronic devices. They slept six hours a night or
less. And they neglected “other healthy activities."
The group that scored high on all nine of the risk behaviors was most likely to show symptoms
of depression; in all, nearly 15% of this group reported being depressed, compared with just 4% of
the low-risk group. But the invisible group wasn't far behind the high-risk set, with more than 13%
of them exhibiting depression.
The findings caught Carli off guard. u We were very surprised/ he says. "The high-risk group
and low-risk group are obvious. But this third group was not only unexpected, it was so distinct and
so large -  nearly one third of our sample -  that it became a key finding of the study."
Carli says that one of the most significant things about his study is that it provides new
6 • 10

----- PAGE 48 -----
early-warning signs for parents, teachers and mental health-care providers. And early identification,
support and treatment for mental health issues, he says, are the best ways to keep them from turning
into full-blown disorders.
51. What does the author mean by saying “ Teenagers at risk of depression, anxiety and suicide often
wear their troubles like a neon signn (Lines 1-2, Para. 1)?
A) Mental problems can now be found in large numbers of teenagers.
B) Teenagers9 mental problems are getting more and more attention.
C) Teenagers9 mental problems are often too conspicuous not to be observed.
D) Depression and anxiety are the most common symptoms of mental problems.
52. What is the finding of the new study?
A) Teenagers9 lifestyles have changed greatly in recent years.
B) Many teenagers resort to drugs or alcohol for mental relief.
C) Teenagers experiencing psychological problems tend to use a lot of media.
D) Many hitherto unobserved youngsters may have psychological problems.
53. Why do the researchers refer to teens who use tons of media, don't get enough sleep and have a
sedentary lifestyle as the “invisible risk“ group?
A) Their behaviors can be an invisible threat to society.
B) Their behaviors do not constitute a warning signal.
C) Their behaviors do not tend towards mental problems.
D) Their behaviors can be found in almost all teenagers on earth.
54. What does the new study find about the invisible group?
A) They are almost as liable to depression as the high-risk group.
B) They suffer from depression without showing any symptoms.
C) They do not often demonstrate risky behaviors as their peers.
D) They do not attract the media attention the high-risk group does.
55. What is the significance of Vladimir Carli's study?
A) It offers a new treatment for psychological problems among teenagers.
B) It provides new early-warning signals for identifying teens in trouble.
C) It may have found an ideal way to handle teenagers with behavioral problems.
D) It sheds new light on how unhealthy behaviors trigger mental health problems.
6 • 11

----- PAGE 49 -----
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
随着生活水平的提高，度假在中国人生活中的作用越来越重要。过去，中国人的时间主要
花在谋生上，很少有机会外出旅行。然而，近年来中国旅游业发展迅速。经济的繁荣和富裕中
产阶级的出现，引发了一个前所未有的旅游热潮。中国人不仅在国内旅游，出国旅游也越来越
普遍。2016年国庆节假日期间，旅游消费总计超过4000亿元。据世界贸易组织估计,2020年
中国将成为世界上最大的旅游国，在未来几年里将成为出境旅游支出增长最快的国家。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 50 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on invention. Your
essay should include the importance of invention and measures to be taken to encourage
invention. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名：一
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 51 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
— Band Six一
（2016年1 2 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 52 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
回镇回
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) They were all good at cooking.
B) They were particular about food.
回阚噢
扫码获音频
C) They were proud of their cuisine.
D) They were fond of bacon and eggs.
2. A) His parents.
B) His friends.
C) His schoolmates.
D) His parents7 friends.
3. A) No tea was served with the meal.
B) It was the real English breakfast.
C) No one of the group ate it.
D) It was a little overcooked.
4. A) It was full of excitement.
B) It was really extraordinary.
C) It was a risky experience.
D) It was rather disappointing.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) The woman's relationship with other shops.
B) The business success of the woman5s shop.
C) The key to running a shop at a low cost.
D) The woman's earnings over the years.
6. A) Improve its customer service.
B) Expand its business scale.
C) Keep down its expenses.
D) Upgrade the goods it sells.
7. A) They are sold at lower prices than in other shops.
B) They are very popular with the local residents.
C) They are delivered free of charge.
D) They are in great demand.
8. A) To follow the custom of the local shopkeepers.
B) To attract more customers in the neighborhood.
C) To avoid being put out of business in competition.
D) To maintain friendly relationships with other shops.
6 ・ 1

----- PAGE 53 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ) ,
C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They can be used to deliver messages in times of emergency.
B) They deliver pollutants from the ocean to their nesting sites.
C) They carry plant seeds and spread them to faraway places.
D) They are on the verge of extinction because of pollution.
10. A) They migrate to the Arctic Circle during the summer.
B) They originate from Devon Island in the Arctic area.
C) They travel as far as 400 kilometers in search of food.
D) They have the ability to survive in extreme weathers.
11. A) They were carried by the wind. 
C) They were less than on the continent.
B) They had become more poisonous. 
D) They poisoned some of the fulmars.
12. A) The threats humans pose to Arctic seabirds.
B) The diminishing colonies for Arctic seabirds.
C) The harm Arctic seabirds may cause to humans.
D) The effects of the changing climate on Arctic seabirds.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A) It has decreased. 
C) It has become better understood.
B) It has been exaggerated. 
D) It has remained basically the same.
14. A) It develops more easily in centenarians not actively engaged.
B) It is now the second leading cause of death for centenarians.
C) It has had no effective cure so far.
D) It calls fbr more intensive research.
15. A) They care more about their physical health. 
C) Their minds fail before their bodies do.
B) Their quality of life deteriorates rapidly. 
D) They cherish their life more than ever.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 54 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They are focused more on attraction than love.
B) They were done by his former colleague at Yale.
C) They were carried out over a period of some thirty years.
D) They form the basis on which he builds his theory of love.
17. A) The relationship cannot last long if no passion is involved.
B) Intimacy is essential but not absolutely indispensable to love.
C) It is not love if you don't wish to maintain the relationship.
D) Romance is just impossible without mutual understanding.
18. A) Which of them is considered most important.
B) Whether it is true love without commitment.
C) When the absence of any one doesn't affect the relationship.
D) How the relationship is to be defined if any one is missing.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Social work as a profession.
B) The history of social work.
C) Academic degrees required of social work applicants.
D) The aim of the Naitonal Association of Social Workers.
20. A) They try to change people's social behavior.
B) They help enhance the well-being of the underprivileged.
C) They raise people's awareness of the environment.
D) They create a lot of opportunities fbr the unemployed.
21. A) They have all received strict clinical training.
B) They all have an academic degree in social work.
C) They are all members of the National Association.
D) They have all made a difference through their work.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 55 -----
22. A) The promotion of social workers, social status.
B) The importance of training fbr social workers.
C) Ways for social workers to meet people's needs.
D) Social workers5 job options and responsibilities.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) To fight childhood obesity. 
C) To encourage kids to play more sports.
B) To help disadvantaged kids. 
D) To urge kids to follow their role models.
24. A) They best boost product sales when put online.
B) They are most effective when appearing on TV.
C) They are becoming more and more prevalent.
D) They impress kids more than they do adults.
25. A) Always place kids' interest first.
B) Do what they advocate in public.
C) Message positive behaviors at all times.
D) Pay attention to their image before children.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than
once.
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
The tree people in the Lord of the Rings- the Ents- can get around by walking. But for real trees,
it's harder to uproot. Because they're literally rooted into the ground, they are unable to leave and
go 
26 
.
When a tree first starts growing in a certain area, it's likely that the 
27 
envelope- the
temperature, humidity, rainfall patterns and so on- suits it. Otherwise, it would be unable to grow
from a seedling. But as it 
28 
, these conditions may change and the area around it may no longer
be suitable fbr its 
29
When that happens, many trees like walnuts, oaks and pines, rely 
30 
on so-called u scatter-
6 , 4

----- PAGE 56 -----
hoarders,v such as birds, to move their seeds to new localities. Many birds like to store food fbr the
winter, which they 
31 
retrieve.
When the birds forget to retrieve their food- and they do sometimes- a seedling has a chance
to grow. The bird Clark's nutcracker, fbr example, hides up to 100,000 seeds per year, up to 30
kilometers away from the seed source, and has a very close symbiotic (共生的)relationship with
several pine species, most 
32 
the whitebark pine.
As trees outgrow their ideal 
33 
in the face of climate change, these flying ecosystem
engineers could be a big help in 
34 
trees. Ifs a solution for us- getting birds to do the work is
cheap and effective- and it could give 
35 
oaks and pines the option to truly u make like a tree
and leave.n
A)
ages
I)
legacy
B)
breathing
J)
notably
C)
climatic
K)
offspring
D)
elsewhere
L)
replanting
E)
exclusively
M)
subsequently
F)
forever
N)
vulnerable
G)
fruitful
O)
withdraws
H)
habitats
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
The American Workplace Is Broken. Here's How We Can Start Fixing It.
[A] Americans are working longer and harder hours than ever before. 83% of workers say they're
stressed about their jobs, nearly 50% say work-related stress is interfering with their sleep, and
60% use their smartphones to check in with work outside of normal working hours. No wonder
only 13% of employees worldwide feel engaged in their occupation.
[B] Glimmers (少许)of hope, however, are beginning to emerge in this bruising environment:
Americans are becoming aware of the toll their jobs take on them, and employers are exploring
ways to alleviate the harmful effects of stress and overwork. Yet much more work remains to be
done. To call stress an epidemic isn't exaggeration. The 83% of American employees who are
6 • 5

----- PAGE 57 -----
stressed about their jobs- up from 73% just a year before- say that poor compensation and an
unreasonable workload are their number-one sources of stress. And if you suspected that the
workplace had gotten more stressful than it was just a few decades ago, you're right. Stress levels
increased 18% for women and 24% for men from 1983 to 2009. Stress is also starting earlier in
life, with some data suggesting that today's teens are even more stressed than adults.
[C] Stress is taking a significant toll on our health, and the collective public health cost may be
enormous. Occupational stress increases the risk of heart attack and diabetes, accelerates the aging
process, decreases longevity, and contributes to depression and anxiety, among numerous other
negative health outcomes. Overall, stress-related health problems account fbr up to 90% of
hospital visits, many of them preventable. Your job is u literally killing you," as The Washington
Post put it. Ifs also hurting our relationships. Working parents say they feel stressed, tired, rushed
and short on quality time with their children, friends and partners.
[D] Seven in 10 workers say they struggle to maintain work-life balance. As technology （and with it,
work emails） seeps （渗入）into every aspect of our lives, work-life balance has become an almost
meaningless term. Add a rapidly changing economy and an uncertain future to this 24/7
connectivity, and you've got a recipe for overwork, according to Phyllis Moen." There's rising
work demand coupled with the insecurity of mergers, takeovers, downsizing and other factors,"
Moen said. 11 Part of the work-life issue has to talk about uncertainty about the future."
[E] These factors have converged to create an increasingly impossible situation with many employees
overworking to the point of burnout. It's not only unsustainable fbr workers, but also for the
companies that employ them. Science has shown a clear correlation between high stress levels in
workers and absenteeism （旷工），reduced productivity, disengagement and high turnover. Too
many workplace policies effectively prohibit employees from developing a healthy work-life
balance by barring them from taking time off, even when they need it most.
[F] The U. S. trails far behind every wealthy nation and many developing ones that have family-
friendly work policies including paid parental leave, paid sick days and breast-feeding support,
according to a 2007 study. The U. S. is also the only advanced economy that does not guarantee
workers paid vacation time, and it's one of only two countries in the world that does not offer
guaranteed paid maternity leave. But even when employees are given paid time off, workplace
norms and expectations that pressure them to overwork often prevent them from taking it.
Fulltime employees who do have paid vacation days only use half of them on average.
[G] Our modem workplaces also operate based on outdated time constraints. The practice of clocking
in fbr an eight-hour workday is a leftover from the days of the Industrial Revolution, as reflected
in the then-popular saying, u Eight hours labor, eight hours recreation, eight hours rest/'
6 , 6

----- PAGE 58 -----
[H] We've held on to this workday structure- but thanks to our digital devices, many employees
never really clock out. Today, the average American spends 8.8 hours at work daily, and the
majority of working professionals spend additional hours checking in with work during evenings,
weekends and even vacations. The problem isn't the technology itself, but that the technology is
being used to create more flexibility fbr the employer rather than the employee. In a competitive
work environment, employers are able to use technology to demand more from their employees
rather than motivating workers with flexibility that benefits them.
[I] In a study published last year, psychologists coined the term '' workplace telepressure“ to describe
an employee's urge to immediately respond to emails and engage in obsessive thoughts about
returning an email to one's boss, colleagues or clients. The researchers found that telepressure is a
major cause of stress at work, which over time contributes to physical and mental burnout. Of the
300 employees participating in the study, those who experienced high levels of telepressure were
more likely to agree with statements assessing burnout, like " I've no energy for going to work in
the morning,“ and to report feeling fatigued and unfocused. Telepressure was also correlated with
sleeping poorly and missing work.
[J] Harvard Business School professor Leslie Perlow explains that when people feel the pressure to be
always "on," they find ways to accommodate that pressure, including altering their schedules,
work habits and interactions with family and friends. Perlow calls this vicious cycle the “ cycle of
responsivenessv : Once bosses and colleagues experience an employee's increased responsiveness,
they increase their demands on the employee's time. And because a failure to accept these
increased demands indicates a lack of commitment to one's work, the employee complies.
[K] To address skyrocketing employee stress levels, many companies have implemented workplace
wellness programs, partnering with health care providers that have created programs to promote
employee health and well-being. Some research does suggest that these programs hold promise. A
study of employees at health insurance provider Aetna revealed that roughly one quarter of those
taking in-office yoga and mindfulness classes reported a 28% reduction in their stress levels and a
20% improvement in sleep quality. These less-stressed workers gained an average of 62 minutes
per week of productivity. While yoga and meditation (静思)are scientifically proven to reduce
stress levels, these programs do little to target the root causes of burnout and disengagement. The
conditions creating the stress are long hours, unrealistic demands and deadlines, and work-life
conflict.
[L] Moen and her colleagues may have found the solution. In a 2011 study, she investigated the
effects of implementing a Results Only Work Environment (ROWE) on the productivity and well­
being of employees at Best Buy's corporate headquarters.
[M] For the study, 325 employees spent six months taking part in ROWE, while a control group of
6 • 7

----- PAGE 59 -----
334 employees continued with their normal workflow. The ROWE participants were allowed to
freely determine when, where and how they worked- the only thing that mattered was that they
got the job done. The results were striking. After six months, the employees who participated in
ROWE reported reduced work-family conflict and a better sense of control of their time, and they
were getting a full hour of extra sleep each night. The employees were less likely to leave their
jobs, resulting in reduced turnover. Ifs important to note that the increased flexibility didn't
encourage them to work around the clock. " They didn't work anywhere and all the time- they
were better able to manage their work/' Moen said. " Flexibility and control is key,“ she
continued.
36. Workplace norms pressure employees to overwork, deterring them from taking paid time off.
37. The overwhelming majority of employees attribute their stress mainly to low pay and an excessive
workload.
38. According to Moen, flexibility gives employees better control over their work and time.
39. Flexibility resulting from the use of digital devices benefits employers instead of employees.
40. Research finds that if employees suffer from high stress, they will be less motivated, less
productive and more likely to quit.
41. In-office wellness programs may help reduce stress levels, but they are hardly an ultimate solution
to the problem.
42. Health problems caused by stress in the workplace result in huge public health expenses.
43. If employees respond quickly to their job assignments, the employer is likely to demand more from
them.
44. With technology everywhere in our life, it has become virtually impossible for most workers to
keep a balance between work and life.
45. In America today, even teenagers suffer from stress, and their problem is even more serious than
grown-ups5.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
6 ・
 8

----- PAGE 60 -----
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Dr. Donald Sadoway at MIT started his own battery company with the hope of changing the
world's energy future. Ifs a dramatic endorsement for a technology most people think about only
when their smartphone goes dark. But Sadoway isn't alone in trumpeting energy storage as a missing
link to a cleaner, more efficient, and more equitable energy future.
Scientists and engineers have long believed in the promise of batteries to change the world.
Advanced batteries are moving out of specialized markets and creeping into the mainstream, signaling
a tipping point for forward-looking technologies such as electric cars and rooftop solar panels.
The ubiquitous （无所不在的）battery has already come a long way, of course. For better or
worse, batteries make possible our mobile-first lifestyles, our screen culture, our increasingly
globalized world. Still, as impressive as all this is, it may be trivial compared with what comes next.
Having already enabled a communications revolution, the battery is now poised to transform just
about everything else.
The wireless age is expanding to include not just our phones, tablets, and laptops, but also our
cars, homes, and even whole communities. In emerging economies, rural communities are bypassing
the wires and wooden poles that spread power. Instead, some in Africa and Asia are seeing their first
lightbulbs illuminated by the power of sunlight stored in batteries.
Today, energy storage is a $ 33 billion global industry that generates nearly 100 gigawatt-hours
of electricity per year. By the end of the decade, it's expected to be worth over $ 50 billion and
generate 160 gigawatt-hours, enough to attract the attention of major companies that might not
otherwise be interested in a decidedly pedestrian technology. Even utility companies, which have long
viewed batteries and alternative forms of energy as a threat, are learning to embrace the technologies
as enabling rather than disrupting.
Today's battery breakthroughs come as the world looks to expand modem energy access to the
billion or so people without it, while also cutting back on fuels that warm the planet. Those
simultaneous challenges appear less overwhelming with increasingly better answers to a centuries-old
question: how to make power portable.
To be sure, the battery still has a long way to go before the nightly recharge completely replaces
the weekly trip to the gas station. A battery-powered world comes with its own risks, too. What
happens to the centralized electric grid, which took decades and billions of dollars to build, as more
and more people become “prosumers,“ who produce and consume their own energy onsite?
No one knows which- if any- battery technology will ultimately dominate, but one thing
remains clear: The future of energy is in how we store it.
46. What does Dr. Sadoway think of energy storage?
A） It involves the application of sophisticated technology.
6 ・ 9

----- PAGE 61 -----
B) It is the direction energy development should follow.
C) It will prove to be a profitable business.
D) It is a technology benefiting everyone.
47. What is most likely to happen when advanced batteries become widely used?
A) Mobile-first lifestyles will become popular.
B) The globalization process will be accelerated.
C) Communications will take more diverse forms.
D) The world will undergo revolutionary changes.
48. In some rural communities of emerging economies, people have begun t
o
.
A) find digital devices simply indispensable
B) communicate primarily by mobile phone
C) light their homes with stored solar energy
D) distribute power with wires and wooden poles
49. Utility companies have begun to realize that battery t e c h n o l o g i e s .
A) benefit their business 
C) promote innovation
B) transmit power faster 
D) encourage competition
50. What does the author imply about the centralized electric grid?
A) It might become a thing of the past. 
C) It will be easier to operate and maintain.
B) It might turn out to be a “prosumer” . 
D) It will have to be completely transfonned.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
More than 100 years ago, American sociologist W. E. B. Du Bois was concerned that race was
being used as a biological explanation for what he understood to be social and cultural differences
between different populations of people. He spoke out against the idea of “white" and "black” as
distinct groups, claiming that these distinctions ignored the scope of human diversity.
Science would favor Du Bois. Today, the mainstream belief among scientists is that race is a
social construct without biological meaning. In an article published in the journal Science, four
scholars say racial categories need to be phased out.
l< Essentially, I could not agree more with the authors,v said Svante Paabo, a biologist and
director of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany. In one example that
demonstrated genetic differences were not fixed along racial lines, the full genomes ( 基因组) of
James Watson and Craig Venter, two famous American scientists of European ancestry, were
compared to that of a Korean scientist, Seong-Jin Kim. It turned out that Watson and Venter shared
fewer variations in their genetic sequences than they each shared with Kim.
6 • 10

----- PAGE 62 -----
Michael Yudell, a professor of public health at Drexel University in Philadelphia, said that
modem genetics research is operating in a paradox: on the one hand, race is understood to be a useful
tool to illuminate human genetic diversity, but on the other hand, race is also understood to be a
poorly defined marker of that diversity.
Assumptions about genetic differences between people of different races could be particularly
dangerous in a medical setting. "If you make clinical predictions based on somebody's race, you're
going to be wrong a good chunk of the tim e/ Yudell told Live Science. In the paper, he and his
colleagues used the example of cystic fibrosis, which is underdiagnosed in people of African ancestry
because it is thought of as a “white“ disease.
So what other variables could be used if the racial concept is thrown out? Yudell said scientists
need to get more specific with their language, perhaps using terms like “ ancestry“ or u populationn
that might more precisely reflect the relationship between humans and their genes, on both the
individual and population level. The researchers also acknowledged that there are a few areas where
race as a construct might still be useful in scientific research: as a political and social, but not
biological, variable.
“While we argue phasing out racial terminology ( 术语)in the biological sciences, we also
acknowledge that using race as a political or social category to study racism, although filled with lots
of challenges, remains necessary given our need to understand how structural inequities and
discrimination produce health disparities(差异)between groups," Yudell said.
51. Du Bois was opposed to the use of race a
s
.
A) a basis fbr explaining human genetic diversity
B) an aid to understanding different populations
C) an explanation fbr social and cultural differences
D) a term to describe individual human characteristics
52. The study by Svante Paabo served as an example to s h
o
w
.
A) modem genetics research is likely to fuel racial conflicts
B) race is a poorly defined marker of human genetic diversity
C) race as a biological term can explain human genetic diversity
D) genetics research should consider social and cultural variables
53. The example of the disease cystic fibrosis underdiagnosed in people of African ancestry
demonstrates t h
a
t .
A) it is absolutely necessary to put race aside in making diagnosis
B) it is important to include social variables in genetics research
C) racial categories fbr genetic diversity could lead to wrong clinical predictions
D) discrimination against black people may cause negligence in clinical treatment
54. What is Yudell5s suggestion to scientists?

----- PAGE 63 -----
A) They be more precise with the language they use.
B) They refrain from using politically sensitive terms.
C) They throw out irrelevant concepts in their research.
D) They examine all possible variables in their research.
55. What can be inferred from YudelPs remark in the last paragraph?
A) Clinging to racism prolongs inequity and discrimination.
B) Physiological disparities are quite striking among races.
C) Doing away with racial discrimination is challenging.
D) Racial terms are still useful in certain fields of study.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2,
随着中国经济的蓬勃发展，学汉语的人数迅速增加，使汉语成了世界上人们最爱学的语言
之一。近年来，中国大学在国际上的排名也有了明显的提高。由于中国教育的巨大进步，中国
成为最受海外学生欢迎的留学目的地之一就不足为奇了。2015年，近四十万国际学生蜂拥来
到中国学习。他们学习的科目已不再限于中国语言和文化,而包括科学与工程。在全球教育市
场上，美国和英国仍占主导地位，但中国正在迅速赶上。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 64 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on innovation. Your
essay should include the importance of innovation and measures to be taken to
encourage innovation. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than
200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名：一
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 65 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
— Band Six一
（2016年1 2 月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 66 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
t4 « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « C ^
V
A
l 
特别说明 
I
l 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
I
vI 第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致AI
^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » 7 *
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select o〃e word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A n sw er S h e e t 2  with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than
once.
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
Small communities, with their distinctive character -  where life is stable and intensely human 一
are disappearing. Some have 
26 
from the face of the earth, others are dying slowly, but all have
27 
changes as they have come into contact with an 
28 
machine civilization. The merging of
diverse peoples into a common mass has produced tension among members of the minorities and the
majority alike.
The Old Order Amish, who arrived on American shores in colonial time, have 
29 
in the
modem world in distinctive, small communities. They have resisted the homogenization 
30 
more
successfully than others. In planting and harvest time one can see their bearded men working the
fields with horses and their women hanging out the laundry in neat rows to dry. Many American
people have seen Amish families, with the men wearing broad-brimmed black hats and the women in
long dresses, in railway or bus 
31 
Although the Amish have lived with 
32 
America fbr
over two and a half centuries, they have moderated its influence on their personal lives, their families,
communities, and their values.
The Amish are often 
33 
by other Americans to be relics of the past who live a simple,
inflexible life dedicated to inconvenient out-dated customs. They are seen as abandoning both modem
34 
and the American dream of success and progress. But most people have no quarrel with the
Amish for doing things the old-fashioned way. Their conscientious objection was tolerated in wartime,
for after all, they are good farmers who 
35 
the virtues of work and thrift.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 67 -----
A)
accessing
I)
progress
B)
conveniences
J)
respective
C)
destined
K)
survived
D)
expanding
L)
terminals
E)
industrialized
M) undergone
F)
perceived
N)
universal
G)
practice
0)
vanished
H)
process
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2.
Countries Rush for Upper Hand in Antarctica
[A] On a glacier-filled island with Jjords (峡湾)and elephant seals, Russia has built Antarctica's first
Orthodox church on a hill overlooking its research base. Less than an hour away by snowmobile,
Chinese labourers have updated the Great Wall Station, a vital part of China's plan to operate five
bases on Antarctica, complete with an indoor badminton court and sleeping quarters for 150
people. Not to be outdone, India's futuristic new Bharathi base, built on stilts (桩子)using 134
interlocking shipping containers, resembles a spaceship. Turkey and Iran have announced plans to
build bases, too.
[B] More than a century has passed since explorers raced to plant their flags at the bottom of the
world, and for decades to come this continent is supposed to be protected as a scientific preserve,
shielded from intrusions hke military activities and mining. But an array of countries are rushing
to assert greater influence here, with an eye not just towards the day those protective treaties
expire, but also for the strategic and commercial opportunities that already exist.
[C] The newer players are stepping into what they view as a treasure house of resources. Some of the
ventures focus on the Antarctic resources that are already up for grabs, 1 汰e abundant sea life.
South Korea, which operates state-of-the-art bases here, is increasing its fishing of krill (磷虾),
found in abundance in the Southern Ocean, while Russia recently frustrated efforts to create one
of the world's largest ocean sanctuaries here.
[D] Some scientists are examining the potential for harvesting icebergs from Antarctica, which is
estimated to have the biggest reserves of fresh water on the planet. Nations are also pressing
6 • 2

----- PAGE 68 -----
ahead with space research and satellite projects to expand their global navigation abilities.
[E] Building on a Soviet-era foothold, Russia is expanding its monitoring stations for Glonass, its
version of the Global Positioning System （GPS）. At least three Russian stations are already
operating in Antarctica, part of its effort to challenge the dominance of the American GPS, and
new stations are planned for sites like the Russian base, in the shadow of the Orthodox Church of
the Holy Trinity.
[F] Elsewhere in Antarctica, Russian researchers boast of their recent discovery of a freshwater
reserve the size of Lake Ontario after drilling through miles of solid ice. "You can see that we're
here to stay," said Vladimir Cheberdak, 57, chief of the Bellingshausen Station, as he sipped tea
under a portrait of Fabian Gottlieb von Bellingshausen, a high-ranking officer in the Imperial
Russian Navy who explored the Antarctic coast in 1820.
[G] Antarctica's mineral, oil and gas wealth are a longer-term prize. The treaty banning mining here,
shielding coveted （令人垂涎的）reserves of iron ore, coal and chromium, comes up for review in
2048. Researchers recently found kimberlite （金伯利岩）deposits hinting at the existence of
diamonds. And while assessments vary widely, geologists estimate that Antarctica holds at least
36 billion barrels of oil and natural gas.
[H] Beyond the Antarctic treaties, huge obstacles persist to tapping these resources, like drifting
icebergs that could jeopardise offshore platforms. Then there is Antarctica's remoteness, with
some mineral deposits found in windswept locations on a continent that is larger than Europe and
where winter temperatures hover around minus 55 degrees Celsius.
[I] But advances in technology might make Antarctica a lot more accessible three decades from now.
And even before then, scholars warn, the demand for resources in an energy-hungry world could
raise pressure to renegotiate Antarctica's treaties, possibly allowing more commercial endeavours
here well before the prohibitions against them expire. The research stations on King George
Island offer a glimpse into the long game on this ice-blanketed continent as nations assert
themselves, eroding the sway long held by countries like the United States, Britain, Australia and
New Zealand.
[J] Being stationed in Antarctica involves adapting to life on the planefs driest, windiest and coldest
continent, yet each nation manages to make itself at home. Bearded Russian priests offer regular
services at the Orthodox church for the 16 or so Russian speakers who spend the winter at the
base, largely polar scientists in fields like glaciology and meteorology. Their number climbs to
about 40 in the warmer summer months. China has arguably the fastest-growing operations in
Antarctica. It opened its fourth station last year and is pressing ahead with plans to build a fifth. It
is building its second ice-breaking ship and setting up research drilling operations on an ice dome
13,422 feet above sea level that is one of the planefs coldest places. Chinese officials say the
expansion in Antarctica prioritises scientific research, but they also acknowledge that concerns
6 • 3

----- PAGE 69 -----
about u resource security" influence their moves.
[K] China's newly renovated Great Wall Station on King George Island makes the Russian and
Chilean bases here seem outdated. "We do weather monitoring here and other research/' Ning
Xu, 53, the chief of the Chinese base, said over tea during a fierce blizzard （暴风雪）in late
November. The large base he leads resembles a snowed-in college campus on holiday break, with
the capacity to sleep more than 10 times the 13 people who were staying on through the Antarctic
winter. Yong Yu, a Chinese microbiologist, showed off the spacious building, with empty desks
under an illustrated timeline detailing the rapid growth of China's Antarctic operations since the
1980s. 11 We now feel equipped to grow,“ he said.
[L] As some countries expand operations in Antarctica, the United States maintains three year-round
stations on the continent with more than 1,000 people during the southern hemisphere's summer,
including those at the Amundsen-Scott station, built in 1956 at an elevation of 9,301 feet on a
plateau at the South Pole. But US researchers quietly complain about budget restraints and having
far fewer icebreakers than Russia, limiting the reach of the United States in Antarctica.
[M] Scholars warn that Antarctica's political drift could blur the distinction between military and
civilian activities long before the continenfs treaties come up for renegotiation, especially in parts
of Antarctica that are ideal fbr intercepting （拦截）signals from satellites or retasking satellite
systems, potentially enhancing global electronic intelligence operations.
[N] Some countries have had a hard time here. Brazil opened a research station in 1984, but it was
largely destroyed by a fire that killed two members of the navy in 2012, the same year that a
diesel-laden Brazilian barge sank near the base. As if that were not enough, a Brazilian C-130
Hercules military transport plane has remained stranded near the runway of Chile's air base here
since it crash-landed in 2014.
[O] However, BraziFs stretch of misfortune has created opportunities for China, with a Chinese
company winning the $ 100 million contract in 2015 to rebuild the Brazilian station.
[P] Amid all the changes, Antarctica maintains its allure. South Korea opened its second Antarctic
research base in 2014, describing it as a way to test robots developed by Korean researchers for
use in extreme conditions. With Russia's help, Belarus is preparing to build its first Antarctic
base. Colombia said this year that it planned to join other South American nations with bases in
Antarctica.
[Q] 
11 The old days of the Antarctic being dominated by the interests and wishes of white men from
European, Australasian and North American states are over,“ said Klaus Dodds, a politics scholar
at the University of London who specialises in Antarctica. " The reality is that Antarctica is
geopolitically contested.n
36. According to Chinese officials, their activities in Antarctica lay greater emphasis on scientific research.
6 ・
 4

----- PAGE 70 -----
37. Efforts to create one of the world's largest ocean sanctuaries failed because of Russia's obstruction.
38. With several monitoring stations operating in Antarctica, Russia is trying hard to counter
America's dominance in the field of worldwide navigational facilities.
39. According to geologists9 estimates, Antarctica has enormous reserves of oil and natural gas.
40. It is estimated that Antarctica boasts of the richest reserves of fresh water on earth.
41. The demand for energy resources may compel renegotiation of Antarctica's treaties before their
expiration.
42. Many countries are racing against each other to increase their business and strategic influence on
Antarctica.
43. Antarctica's harsh natural conditions constitute huge obstacles to the exploitation of its resources.
44. With competition from many countries, Antarctica is no longer dominated by the traditional white
nations.
45. American scientists complain about lack of sufficient money and equipment for their expansion in
Antarctica.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage one
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Any veteran nicotine addict will testify that fancy packaging plays no role in the decision to keep
smoking. So, it is argued, stripping cartons of their branding will trigger no mass movement to quit.
But that isn't why the government — under pressure from cancer charities, health workers and the
Labour party -  has agreed to legislate for standardised packaging. The theory is that smoking should
be stripped of any appeal to discourage new generations from starting in the first place. Plain packaging
would be another step in the reclassification of cigarettes from inviting consumer products to narcotics
(麻醉剂).
Naturally, the tobacco industry is violently opposed. No business likes to admit that it sells
addictive poison as a lifestyle choice. That is why government has historically intervened, banning
advertising, imposing health warnings and punitive (惩罚，
性的) duties. This approach has led over
time to a fall in smoking with numbers having roughly halved since the 1970s. Evidence from
6 • 5

----- PAGE 71 -----
Australia suggests plain packaging pushes society further along that road. Since tobacco is one of the
biggest causes of premature death in the UK, a measure that tames the habit even by a fraction is
worth trying.
So why has it taken so long? The Department of Health declared its intention to consider the
move in November 2010 and consulted through 2012. But the plan was suspended in July 2013. It
did not escape notice that a lobbying firm set up by Lynton Crosby, David Cameron's election
campaign director, had previously acted for Philip Morris International. (The prime minister denied
there was a connection between his new advisefs outside interests and the change in legislative
programme.) In November 2013, after an unnecessary round of additional consultation, health
minister Jane Ellison said the government was minded to proceed after all. Now we are told Members
of Parliament (MPs) will have a free vote before parliament is dissolved in March.
Parliament has in fact already authorised the government to tame the tobacco trade. MPs voted
overwhelmingly in favour of Labour amendments to the children and families bill last February that
included the power to regulate for plain packaging. With sufficient will in Downing Street this would
have been done already. But strength of will is the missing ingredient where Mr. Cameron and public
health are concerned. His attitude to state intervention has looked confused ever since his bizarre 2006
/ame九力(叹'恰)that chocolate oranges placed seductively at supennarket checkouts fueled obesity.
The government has moved reluctantly into a sensible public health policy, but with such
obvious over-cautiousness that any political credit due belongs to the opposition. Without sustained
external pressure it seems certain Mr. Cameron would still be hooked on the interests of big tobacco
companies.
46. What do chain smokers think of cigarette packaging?
A) Fancy packaging can help to engage new smokers.
B) It has little to do with the quality or taste of cigarettes.
C) Plain packaging discourages non-smokers from taking up smoking.
D) It has little impact on their decision whether or not to quit smoking.
47. What has the UK government agreed to do concerning tobacco packaging?
A) Pass a law to standardise cigarette packaging.
B) Rid cigarette cartons of all advertisements.
C) Subsidise companies to adopt plain packaging.
D) Reclassify cigarettes according to packaging.
48. What has happened in Australia where plain packaging is implemented?
A) Premature death rates resulting from smoking have declined.
B) The number of smokers has dropped more sharply than in the UK.
C) The sales of tobacco substitutes have increased considerably.
D) Cigarette sales have been falling far more quickly than in the UK.
49. Why has it taken so long for the UK government to consider plain packaging?
6 , 6

----- PAGE 72 -----
A) Prime Minister Cameron has been reluctant to take action.
B) There is strong opposition from veteran nicotine addicts.
C) Many Members of Parliament are addicted to smoking.
D) Pressure from tobacco manufacturers remains strong.
50. What did Cameron say about chocolate oranges at supermarket checkouts?
A) They fueled a lot of controversy. 
C) They made more British people obese.
B) They attracted a lot of smokers. 
D) They had certain ingredients missing.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
What a waste of money! In return for an average of £ 44,000 of debt, students get an average of
only 14 hours of lecture and tutorial time a week in Britain. Annual fees have risen from £ 1,000 to
£ 9,000 in the last decade, but contact time at university has barely risen at all. And graduating doesn't
even provide any guarantee of a decent job: six in ten graduates today are in non-graduate jobs.
No wonder it has become fashionable to denounce many universities as little more than elaborate
con-tricks( 骗术). There's a lot for students to complain about: the repayment threshold fbr paying
back loans will be frozen for five years, meaning that lower-paid graduates have to start repaying
their loans; and maintenance grants have been replaced by loans, meaning that students from poorer
backgrounds face higher debt than those with wealthier parents.
Yet it still pays to go to university. If going to university doesn't work out, students pay very
little -  if any -  of their tuition fees back: you only start repaying when you are earning £ 21,000 a
year. Almost half of graduates -  those who go on to earn less -  will have a portion of their debt
written off. Ifs not just the lectures and tutorials that are important. Education is the sum of what
students teach each other in between lectures and seminars. Students do not merely benefit while at
university; studies show they go on to be healthier and happier than non-graduates, and also far more
likely to vote.
Whatever your talents, it is extraordinarily difficult to get a leading job in most fields without
having been to university. Recruiters circle elite universities like vultures (兀鹰).Many top firms will
not even look at applications from those who lack a 2.1, i.e., an upper-second class degree, from an
elite university. Students at university also meet those likely to be in leading jobs in the future,
forming contacts fbr life. This might not be right, but school-leavers who fail to acknowledge as
much risk making the wrong decision about going to university.
Perhaps the reason why so many universities offer their students so little is they know studying
at a top university remains a brilliant investment even if you dont learn anything. Studying at
university will only become less attractive if employers shift their fbcus away from where someone
went to university -  and there is no sign of that happening anytime soon. School-leavers may moan,
but they have little choice but to embrace university and the student debt that comes with it.
51. What is the author's opinion of going to university?
6 • 7

----- PAGE 73 -----
A) It is worthwhile after all.
B) It is simply a waste of time.
C) It is hard to say whether it is good or bad.
D) It is too expensive for most young people.
52. What does the author say about the employment situation of British university graduates?
A) Few of them are satisfied with the jobs they are offered.
B) It usually takes a long time for them to find a decent job.
C) Graduates from elite universities usually can get decent jobs.
D) Most of them take jobs which don't require a college degree.
53. What does the author say is important fbr university students besides classroom instruction?
A) Making sure to obtain an upper-second class degree.
B) Practical skills they will need in their future careers.
C) Interactions among themselves outside the classroom.
D) Devloping independent and creative thinking abilities.
54. What is said to be an advantage of going to university?
A) Learning how to take risks in an ever-changing world.
B) Meeting people who will be helpful to you in the future.
C) Having opportunities of playing a leading role in society.
D) Gaining up-to-date knowledge in science and technology.
55. What can we infer from the last paragraph?
A) It is natural for students to make complaints about university education.
B) Few students are willing to bear the burden of debt incurred at university.
C) University education is becoming attractive to students who can afford it.
D) The prestige of the university influences employers5 recruitment decisions.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A n sw e r S h e e t 2.
农业是中国的一个重要产业,从业者超过3 亿。中国农业产量全球第一,主要生产水稻、小
麦和豆类。虽然中国的农业用地仅占世界的百分之十，但为世界百分之二十的人口提供了粮
食。中国7700年前开始种植水稻。早在使用机械和化肥之前，勤劳和富有创造性的中国农民
就已经采用各种各样的方法来增加农作物产量。中国农业最新的发展是推进有机农业。有机
农业可以同时服务于多种目的,包括食品安全、大众健康和可持续发展。
6 ・ 8

----- PAGE 74 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on creation. Your essay
should include the importance of creation and measures to be taken to encourage
creation. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名：一
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 75 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2017年6 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 76 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A ) , B ) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) Doing enjoyable work.
B) Having friendly colleagues.
C) Earning a competitive salary.
D) Working for supportive bosses.
2. A) 31%.
B)20%.
C) 25%.
D) 73%.
3. A) Those of a small size.
B) Those run by women.
C) Those that are well managed.
D) Those full of skilled workers.
4. A) They can hop from job to job easily.
B) They can win recognition of their work.
C) They can better balance work and life.
D) They can take on more than one job.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It is a book of European history.
B) It is an introduction to music.
C) It is about the city of Bruges.
D) It is a collection of photos.
6. A) When painting the concert hall of Bruges.
B) When vacationing in an Italian coastal city.
C) When taking pictures fbr a concert catalogue.
D) When writing about Belgium's coastal regions.
7. A) The entire European coastline will be submerged.
B) The rich heritage of Europe will be lost completely.
C) The seawater of Europe will be seriously polluted.
D) The major European scenic spots will disappear.
8. A) Its waterways are being increasingly polluted.
B) People cannot get around without using boats.
C) It attracts large numbers of tourists from home and abroad.
D) Tourists use wooden paths to reach their hotels in the morning.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 77 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ) ,
C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They make careful preparations beforehand.
B) They take too many irrelevant factors into account.
C) They spend too much time anticipating their defeat.
D) They try hard to avoid getting off on the wrong foot.
10. A) A person's nervous system is more complicated than imagined.
B) Golfers usually have positive mental images of themselves.
C) Mental images often interfere with athletes, performance.
D) Thinking has the same effect on the nervous system as doing.
11. A) Anticipate possible problems. 
C) Picture themselves succeeding.
B) Make a list of do's and don'ts. 
D) Try to appear more professional.
12. A) She wore a designer dress. 
C) She did not speak loud enough.
B) She won her first jury trial. 
D) She presented moving pictures.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A) Its long-term effects are yet to be proved.
B) Its health benefits have been overestimated.
C) It helps people to avoid developing breast cancer.
D) It enables patients with diabetes to recover sooner.
14. A) It focused on their ways of life during young adulthood.
B) It tracked their change in food preferences for 20 years.
C) It focused on their difference from men in fiber intake.
D) It tracked their eating habits since their adolescence.
15. A) Fiber may help to reduce hormones in the body.
B) Fiber may bring more benefits to women than men.
C) Fiber may improve the function of heart muscles.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 78 -----
D) Fiber may make blood circulation more smooth.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Observing the changes in marketing.
B) Conducting research on consumer behavior.
C) Studying the hazards of young people drinking.
D) Investigating the impact of media on government.
17. A) It is the cause of many street riots. 
C) It is getting worse year by year.
B) It is a chief concern of parents. 
D) It is an act of socialising.
18. A) They spent a week studying their own purchasing behavior.
B) They researched the impact of mobile phones on young people.
C) They analysed their family budgets over the years.
D) They conducted a thorough research on advertising.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It is helping its banks to improve efficiency.
B) It is trying hard to do away with dirty money.
C) It is the first country to use credit cards in the world.
D) It is likely to give up paper money in the near future.
20. A) Whether it is possible to travel without carrying any physical currency.
B) Whether it is possible to predict how much money one is going to spend.
C) Whether the absence of physical currency causes a person to spend more.
D) Whether the absence of physical currency is going to affect everyday life.
21. A) There was no food service on the train.
B) The service on the train was not good.
C) The restaurant car accepted cash only.
D) The cash in her handbag was missing.
22. A) By putting money into envelopes.
B) By drawing money week by week.
C) By limiting their day-to-day spending.
D) By refusing to buy anything on credit.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 79 -----
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) Population explosion.
B) Chronic hunger.
C) Extinction of rare species.
D) Environmental deterioration.
24. A) They contribute to overpopulation.
B) About half of them are unintended.
C) They have been brought under control.
D) The majority of them tend to end halfway.
25. A) It is essential to the wellbeing of all species on earth.
B) It is becoming a subject of interdisciplinary research.
C) It is neglected in many of the developing countries.
D) It is beginning to attract postgraduates5 attention.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word far
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
After becoming president of Purdue University in 2013, Mitch Daniels asked the faculty to prove
that their students have actually achieved one of higher education's most important goals: critical
thinking skills. Two years before, a nationwide study of college graduates had shown that more than a
third had made no 
26 
gains in such mental abilities during their school years. Mr. Daniels needed
to 
27 
the high cost of attending Purdue to its students and their families. After all, the percentage
of Americans who say a college degree is u very importantv has fallen 
28 
in the last 5- 6 years.
Purdue now has a pilot test to assess students, critical thinking skills. Yet like many college
teachers around the U.S., the faculty remain 
29 
that their work as educators can be measured by
a u learning 
30 
" such as a graduate's ability to investigate and reason. However, the professors
need not worry so much. The results of a recent experiment showed that professors can use 
31
metrics to measure how well students do in three key areas: critical thinking, written communication,
and quantitative literacy.
Despite the success of the experiment, the actual results are worrisome, and mostly 
32
earlier studies. The organizers of the experiment concluded that for fewer students were achieving at
high levels on critical thinking than they were doing for written communication or quantitative
literacy. And that conclusion is based only on students nearing graduation.
American universities, despite their global 
33 
for excellence in teaching, have only begun to
demonstrate what they can produce in real-world learning. Knowledge-based degrees are still
6 , 4

----- PAGE 80 -----
important, but employers are 
34 
advanced thinking skills from college graduates. If the
intellectual worth of a college degree can be 
35 
measured, more people will seek higher
education ■— and come out better thinkers.
A)
accurately
I)
predominance
B)
confirm
J)
presuming
C)
demanding
K)
reputation
D)
doubtful
L)
significant
E)
drastically
M) signify
F)
justify
N)
simultaneously
G)
monopolized
0)
standardized
H)
outcome
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
The Price of Oil and the Price of Carbon
[A] Fossil fuel prices are likely to stay u low for long." Notwithstanding important recent progress in
developing renewable fuel sources, low fossil fuel prices could discourage further innovation in,
and adoption of, cleaner energy technologies. The result would be higher emissions of carbon
dioxide and other greenhouse gases.
[B] Pol icy makers should not allow low energy prices to derail the clean energy transition. Action to
restore appropriate price incentives, notably through corrective carbon pricing, is urgently needed
to lower the risk of irreversible and potentially devastating effects of climate change. That
approach also oflers fiscal benefits.
[C] Oil prices have dropped by over 60% since June 2014. A commonly held view in the oil industry
is that “the best cure for low oil prices is low oil prices.n The reasoning behind this saying is that
low oil prices discourage investment in new production capacity, eventually shifting the oil supply
curve backward and bringing prices back up as existing oil fields—which can be tapped at
relatively low marginal cost—are depleted. In fact, in line with past experience, capital expenditure
in the oil sector has dropped sharply in many producing countries, including the United States. The
dynamic adjustment to low oil prices may, however, be different this time around.
6 - 5

----- PAGE 81 -----
[D] Oil prices are expected to remain lower for longer. The advent of new technologies has added
about 4.2 million barrels per day to the crude oil market, contributing to a global over-supply. In
addition, other factors are putting downward pressure on oil prices: change in the strategic
behavior of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, the projected increase in Iranian
exports, the scaling-down of global demand (especially from emerging markets), the long-term
drop in petroleum consumption in the United States, and some displacement of oil by substitutes.
These likely persistent forces, like the growth of shale ( 页岩) oil, point to a u low for long
scenario. Futures markets, which show only a modest recovery of prices to around $ 60 a barrel
by 2019, support this view.
[E] Natural gas and coal—also fossil fuels—have similarly seen price declines that look to be long-
lived. Coal and natural gas are mainly used for electricity generation, whereas oil is used mostly
to power transportation, yet the prices of all these energy sources are linked. The North American
shale gas boom has resulted in record low prices there. The recent discovery of the giant Zohr gas
field off the Egyptian coast will eventually have impact on pricing in the Mediterranean region
and Europe, and there is significant development potential in many other places, notably
Argentina. Coal prices also are low, owing to over-supply and the scaling-down of demand,
especially from China, which burns half of the world's coal.
[F] Technological innovations have unleashed the power of renewables such as wind, hydro, solar,
and geothermal(
). Even Africa and the Middle East, home to economies that are heavily
dependent on fossil fuel exports, have enormous potential to develop renewables. For example,
the United Arab Emirates has endorsed an ambitious target to draw 24% of its primary energy
consumption from renewable sources by 2021.
[G] Progress in the development of renewables could be fragile, however, if fossil fuel prices remain
low for long. Renewables account fbr only a small share of global primary energy consumption,
which is still dominated by fossil fuels—30% each for coal and oil, 25% fbr natural gas. But
renewable energy will have to displace fossil fuels to a much greater extent in the future to avoid
unacceptable climate risks.
[H] Unfortunately, the current low prices for oil, gas, and coal may provide little incentive fbr
research to find even cheaper substitutes fbr those fuels. There is strong evidence that both
innovation and adoption of cleaner technology are strongly encouraged by higher fossil fuel
prices. The same is true for new technologies fbr alleviating fossil fuel emissions.
[I] The current low fossil fuel price environment will thus certainly delay the energy transition from
fossil fuel to clean energy sources. Unless renewables become cheap enough that substantial
carbon deposits are left underground fbr a very long time, if not forever, the planet will likely be
exposed to potentially catastrophic climate risks.
[J] Some climate impacts may already be discernible. For example, the United Nations Children's
6 • 6

----- PAGE 82 -----
Fund estimates that some 11 million children in Africa face hunger, disease, and water shortages
as a result of the strongest El Nino（厄尔尼诺）weather phenomenon in decades. Many scientists
believe that El Nino events, caused by warming in the Pacific, are becoming more intense as a
result of climate change.
[K] Nations from around the world have gathered in Paris for the United Nations Climate Change
Conference, COP 21, with the goal of a universal and potentially legally-binding agreement on
reducing greenhouse gas emissions. We need very broad participation to fully address the global
tragedy that results when countries fail to take into account the negative impact of their carbon
emissions on the rest of the world. Moreover, non-participation by nations, if sufficiently
widespread, can undermine the political will of participating countries to act.
[L] The nations participating at COP 21 are focusing on quantitative emissions-reduction
commitments. Economic reasoning shows that the least expensive way for each country is to put
a price on carbon emissions. The reason is that when carbon is priced, those emissions reductions
that are least costly to implement will happen first. The International Monetary Fund calculates
that countries can generate substantial fiscal revenues by eliminating fossil fuel subsidies and
levying carbon charges that capture the domestic damage caused by emissions. A tax on
upstream carbon sources is one easy way to put a price on carbon emissions, although some
countries may wish to use other methods, such as emissions trading schemes. In order to
maximize global welfare, every country's carbon pricing should reflect not only the purely
domestic damage from emissions, but also the damage to foreign countries.
[M] Setting the right carbon price will therefore efficiently align the costs paid by carbon users with
the true social opportunity cost of using carbon. By raising relative demand for clean energy
sources, a carbon price would also help align the market return to clean-energy innovation with
its social return, spurring the refinement of existing technologies and the development of new
ones. And it would raise the demand for technologies such as carbon capture and storage,
spurring their further development. If not corrected by the appropriate carbon price, low fossil
fuel prices are not accurately signaling to markets the true social profitability of clean energy.
While alternative estimates of the damage from carbon emissions differ, and ifs especially hard to
reckon the likely costs of possible catastrophic climate events, most estimates suggest substantial
negative effects.
[N] Direct subsidies to research and development have been adopted by some governments but are a
poor substitute for a carbon price: they do only part of the job, leaving in place market incentives
to over-use fossil fuels and thereby add to the stock of atmospheric greenhouse gases without
regard to the collateral^ 附带的）costs.
[O] The hope is that the success of COP 21 opens the door to future international agreement on
carbon prices. Agreement on an international carbon-price floor would be a good starting point in
that process. Failure to address comprehensively the problem of greenhouse gas emissions,
6 - 7

----- PAGE 83 -----
however, exposes all generations, present and future, to incalculable risks.
36. A number of factors are driving down the global oil prices not just for now but in the foreseeable ftiture.
37. Pricing carbon proves the most economical way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
38. It is estimated that extreme weather conditions have endangered the lives of millions of African
children.
39. The prices of coal are low as a result of over-supply and decreasing demand.
40. Higher fossil fuel prices prove to be conducive to innovation and application of cleaner
technology.
41. If fossil fuel prices remain low for a long time, it may lead to higher emissions of greenhouse gases.
42. Fossil fuels remain the major source of primary energy consumption in today's world.
43. Even major fossil fuel exporting countries have great potential to develop renewable energies.
44. Greenhouse gas emissions, if not properly dealt with, will pose endless risks for mankind.
45. It is urgent for governments to increase the cost of using fossil fuels to an appropriate level to
lessen the catastrophic effects of climate change.
Section C
Directions ： There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C ) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
S h eet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Open data sharers are still in the minority in many fields. Although many researchers broadly
agree that public access to raw data would accelerate science, most are reluctant to post the results of
their own labours online.
Some communities have agreed to share online — geneticists, for example, post DNA sequences
at the GenBank repository(库)” and astronomers are accustomed to accessing images of galaxies and
stars from, say, the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, a telescope that has observed some 500 million objects 一
but these remain the exception, not the rule. Historically, scientists have objected to sharing fbr many
reasons: it is a lot of work; until recently, good databases did not exist; grant funders were not pushing
for sharing; it has been difficult to agree on standards for formatting data; and there is no agreed way to
assign credit for data.
6 - 8

----- PAGE 84 -----
But the barriers are disappearing, in part because journals and funding agencies worldwide are
encouraging scientists to make their data public. Last year, the Royal Society in London said in its
report that scientists need to 11 shift away from a research culture where data is viewed as a private
preserven . Funding agencies note that data paid for with public money should be public information,
and the scientific community is recognizing that data can now be shared digitally in ways that were
not possible before. To match the growing demand, services are springing up to make it easier to
publish research products online and enable other researchers to discover and cite them.
Although calls to share data often concentrate on the moral advantages of sharing, the practice is
not purely a/打切s力，c(利他的).Researchers who share get plenty of personal benefits, including more
connections with colleagues, improved visibility and increased citations. The most successful sharers
一those whose data are downloaded and cited the most often — get noticed, and their work gets
used. For example, one of the most popular data sets on multidisciplinary repository Dryad is about
wood density around the world; it has been downloaded 5,700 times. Co-author Amy Zanne thinks
that users probably range from climate-change researchers wanting to estimate how much carbon is
stored in biomass, to foresters looking for information on different grades of timber, “rd much prefer
to have my data used by the maximum number of people to ask their own questions,she says. u Ifs
important to allow readers and reviewers to see exactly how you arrive at your results. Publishing
data and code allows your science to be reproducible/'
Even people whose data are less popular can benefit. By making the effort to organize and label
files so that others can understand them, scientists become more organized and better disciplined
themselves, thus avoiding confusion later on.
46. What do many researchers generally accept?
A) It is imperative to protect scientists5 patents.
B) Repositories are essential to scientific research.
C) Open data sharing is most important to medical science.
D) Open data sharing is conducive to scientific advancement.
47. What is the attitude of most researchers towards making their own data public?
A) Opposed.
B) Ambiguous.
C) Liberal.
D) Neutral.
48. According to the passage, what might hinder open data sharing?
A) The fear of massive copying.
B) The lack of a research culture.
C) The belief that research data is private intellectual property.
D) The concern that certain agencies may make a profit out of it.
49. What helps lift some of the barriers to open data sharing?
A) The ever-growing demand for big data.
B) The advancement of digital technology.
C) The changing attitude of journals and funders.
6 - 9

----- PAGE 85 -----
D) The trend of social and economic development.
50. Dryad serves as an example to show how open data s h a r i n g .
A) is becoming increasingly popular 
C) makes researchers successful
B) benefits sharers and users alike 
D) saves both money and labor
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Macy's reported its sales plunged 5.2% in November and December at stores open more than a
year, a disappointing holiday season performance that capped a difficult year for a department store
chain facing wide-ranging challenges. Its flagship stores in major U. S. cities depend heavily on
international tourist spending, which shrank at many retailers due to a strong dollar. Meanwhile, Macy's
has simply struggled to lure consumers who are more interested in spending on travel or dining out
than on new clothes or accessories.
The company blamed much of the poor performance in November and December on
unseasonably warm weather. u About 80% of our company's year-over-year declines in comparable
sales can be attributed to shortfalls ( 短缺) in cold-weather goods,n said chief executive Terry
Lundgren in a press release. This prompted the company to cut its forecasts for the full fourth quarter.
However, ifs clear that Macy's believes its troubles run deeper than a temporary aberration (偏
离)off the thermometer. The retail giant said the poor financial performance this year has pushed it to
begin implementing $ 400 million in cost-cutting measures. The company pledged to cut 600 back-
office positions, though some 150 workers in those roles would be reassigned to other jobs. It also
plans to offer 4( voluntary separation" packages to 165 senior executives. It will slash staffing at its
fleet of 770 stores, a move affecting some 3,000 employees.
The retailer also announced the locations of 36 stores it will close in early 2016. The company
had previously announced the planned closures, but had not said which locations would be affected.
None of the chain's stores in the Washington metropolitan area are to be closed.
Macy's has been moving aggressively to try to remake itself fbr a new era of shopping. It has
plans to open more locations of Macy's Backstage, a newly-developed off-price concept which might
help it better compete with ambitious T.J. Maxx. Ifs also pushing ahead in 2016 with an expansion of
Bluemercury, the beauty chain it bought last year. At a time when young beauty shoppers are often
turning to Sephora or Ulta instead of department store beauty counters, Macy's hopes Bluemercury
will help strengthen its position in the category.
One relative bright spot fbr Macy's during the holiday season was the online channel, where it
rang up u double-digit" increases in sales and a 25% increase in the number of orders it filled. That
relative strength would be consistent with what was seen in the wider retail industry during the early
part of the holiday season. While Thanksgiving, Black Friday and Cyber Monday all saw record
spending online, in-store sales plunged over the holiday weekend.
6 - 10

----- PAGE 86 -----
51. What does the author say about the shrinking spending of international tourists in the U.S.?
A) It is attributable to the rising value of the U.S. dollar.
B) It is a direct result of the global economic recession.
C) It reflects a shift of their interest in consumer goods.
D) It poses a potential threat to the retail business in the U.S.
52. What does Macy's believe about its problems?
A) They can be solved with better management.
B) They cannot be attributed to weather only.
C) They are not as serious in its online stores.
D) They call fbr increased investments.
53. In order to cut costs, Macy's decided t
o
.
A) cut the salary of senior executives 
C) adjust its promotion strategies
B) relocate some of its chain stores 
D) reduce the size of its staff
54. Why does Macy's plan to expand Bluemercury in 2016?
A) To experiment on its new business concept.
B) To fbcus more on beauty products than clothing.
C) To promote sales of its products by lowering prices.
D) To be more competitive in sales of beauty products.
55. What can we learn about Macy's during the holiday season?
A) Sales dropped sharply in its physical stores.
B) Its retail sales exceeded those of T. J. Maxx.
C) It helped Bluemercury establish its position worldwide.
D) It filled its stores with abundant supply of merchandise.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
明朝统治中国276年,被人们描绘成人类历史上治理有序、社会稳定的最伟大的时代之一。
这一时期，手工业的发展促进了市场经济和城市化。大量商品，包括酒和丝绸，都在市场销售。
同时,还进口许多外国商品，如时钟和烟草。北京、南京、扬州、苏州这样的大商业中心相继形
成。也是在明代，由郑和率领的船队曾到印度洋进行了七次大规模探险航行。还值得一提的
是，中国文学的四大经典名著中有三部写于明代。
6 • 11

----- PAGE 87 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to major in science or humanities at
college, write an essay to state your opinion. You are required to write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 88 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2017年6 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 89 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
4) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
回: 幽涉
扫码获音频
1. A) He would feel insulted.
B) He would feel very sad.
C) He would be embarrassed.
D) He would be disappointed.
2. A) They are worthy of a prize.
B) They are of little value.
3. A) He seldom writes a book straight through.
B) He writes several books simultaneously.
C) They make good reading.
D) They need improvement.
C) He draws on his real-life experiences.
D) He often turns to his wife for help.
4. A) Writing a book is just like watching a football match.
B) Writers actually work every bit as hard as footballers.
C) He likes watching a football match after finishing a book.
D) Unlike a football match, there is no end to writing a book.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Achievements of black male athletes in college.
B) Financial assistance to black athletes in college.
C) High college dropout rates among black athletes.
D) Undergraduate enrollments of black athletes.
6. A) They display great talent in every kind of game.
B) They are better at sports than at academic work.
C) They have difficulty finding money to complete their studies.
D) They make money for the college but often fail to earn a degree.
7. A) About 15%.
B) Around 40% .
C) Slightly over 50% .
D) Approximately 70%.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 90 -----
8. A) Coaches lack the incentive to graduate them.
B) College degrees do not count much to them.
C) They have little interest in academic work.
D) Schools do not deem it a serious problem.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ) ,
C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Marketing strategies.
B) Holiday shopping.
10. A) About 50% of holiday shoppers.
B) About 20- 30% of holiday shoppers.
11. A) They have fewer customers.
B) They find it hard to survive.
12. A) Better quality of consumer goods.
B) Higher employment and wages.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you
13. A) They are new species of big insects.
B) They are overprescribed antibiotics.
14. A) Antibiotics are now in short supply.
B) Many infections are no longer curable.
15. A) Facilities.
B) Expertise.
C) Shopping malls.
D) Online stores.
C) About 136 million.
D) About 183.8 million.
C) They are thriving once more.
D) They appeal to elderly customers.
C) Greater varieties of commodities.
D) People having more leisure time.
have just heard.
C) They are life-threatening diseases.
D) They are antibiotic-resistant bacteria.
C) Large amounts of tax money are wasted.
D) Routine operations have become complex.
C) Money.
D) Publicity.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 91 -----
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16.A) It is accessible only to the talented.
B) It improves students, ability to think.
C) It starts a lifelong learning process.
D) It gives birth to many eminent scholars.
17.A) They encourage academic democracy.
B) They promote globalization.
C) They uphold the presidents5 authority.
D) They protect students' rights.
18.A) His thirst for knowledge.
B) His eagerness to find a job.
C) His contempt for authority.
D) His potential fbr leadership.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19 .A) Few people know how to retrieve information properly.
B) People can enhance their memory with a few tricks.
C) Most people have a rather poor long-term memory.
D) People tend to underestimate their mental powers.
20 .A) They present the states in a surprisingly different order.
B) They include more or less the same number of states.
C) They are exactly the same as is shown in the atlas.
D) They contain names of the most familiar states.
21 .A) Focusing on what is likely to be tested.
B) Having a good sleep the night before.
C) Reviewing your lessons where the exam is to take place.
D) Making sensible decisions while choosing your answers.
22 .A) Discover when you canl earn best. 
C) Give yourself a double bonus afterwards.
B) Change your time of study daily. 
D) Follow the example of a marathon runner.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23 .A) He is a politician. 
C) He is a sociologist.
B) He is a businessman. 
D) He is an economist.
24 .A) In slums. 
C) In pre-industrial societies.
B) In Africa. 
D) In developing countries.
25 .A) They have no access to health care, let alone entertainment or recreation.
B) Their income is less than 50% of the national average family income.
C) They work extra hours to have their basic needs met.
D) Their children cannot afford to go to private schools.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 92 -----
Part III
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the hank more than once.
Half of your brain stays alert and prepared fbr danger when you sleep in a new place, a study
has revealed. This phenomenon is often 
26 
to as the u first-night-effect". Researchers from
Brown University found that a network in the left hemisphere of the brain u remained more activen
than the network in the right side of the brain. Playing sounds into the right ears (stimulating the left
hemisphere)of 
27 
was more likely to wake them up than if the noises were played into their
left ears.
It was 
28 
observed that the left side of the brain was more active during deep sleep. When
the researchers repeated the laboratory experiment on the second and third nights they found the left
hemisphere could not be stimulated in the same way during deep sleep. The researchers explained that
the study demonstrated when we are in a 
29 
environment the brain partly remains alert so that
humans can defend themselves against any 
30 
danger.
The researchers believe this is the first time that the first-night-effect" of different brain states
has been 
31 
in humans. It isn't, however, the first time it has ever been seen. Some animal _ 32
_ also display this phenomenon. For example, dolphins, as well as other 
33 
animals, shut down
one hemisphere of the brain when they go to sleep. A previous study noted that dolphins always __34
_ control their breathing. Without keeping the brain active while sleeping, they would probably
drown. But, as the human study suggests, another reason fbr dolphins keeping their eyes open during
sleep is that they can look out fbr 
35 
while asleep. It also keeps their physiological processes
working.
A)
classified
I)
potential
B)
consciously
J)
predators
C)
dramatically
K)
referred
D)
exotic
L)
species
E)
identified
M) specifically
F)
inherent
N)
varieties
G)
marine
0)
volunteers
H)
novel
6 , 4

----- PAGE 93 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Elite Math Competitions Struggle to Diversify Their Talent Pool
[A] Interest in elite high school math competitions has grown in recent years, and in light of last
summer's U.S. win at the International Math Olympiad (IMO)一the first for an American team in
more than two decades- the trend is likely to continue.
[B] But will such contests, which are overwhelmingly dominated by Asian and white students from
middle-class and affluent families, become any more diverse? Many social and cultural factors
play roles in determining which promising students get on the path toward international math
recognition. But efforts are in place to expose more black, Hispanic, and low-income students to
advanced math, in the hope that the demographic pool of high-level contenders will eventually
begin to shift and become less exclusive.
[C] "The challenge is if certain types of people are doing something, ifs difficult for other people to
break into it,“ said Po-Shen Loh, the head coach of last year's winning U.S. Math Olympiad
team.Participation grows through friends and networks and if “ you realize thafs how they're
growing, you can start to take actionv and bring in other students, he said.
[D] Most of the training for advanced-math competitions happens outside the confines of the normal
school day. Students attend after-school clubs, summer camps, online forums and classes, and
university-based “math circles," to prepare for the competitions.
[E] One of the largest feeders for high school math competitions—including those that eventually lead
to the IMO- is a middle school program called MathCounts. About 100,000 students around the
country participate in the program's competition series, which culminates in a national game­
show-style contest held each May. The most recent one took place last week in Washington, D C.
Students join a team through their schools, which provide a volunteer coach and pay a nominal
fee to send students to regional and state competitions. The 224 students who make it to the
national competition get an all-expenses-paid trip.
[F] Nearly all members of last yeafs winning U.S. IMO team took part in MathCounts as middle
school students, as did Loh, the coach.u Middle school is an important age because students have
6 - 5

----- PAGE 94 -----
enough math capability to solve advanced problems, but they haven't really decided what they
want to do with their lives,“ said Loh. 41 They often get hooked then."
[G] Another influential feeder for advanced-math students is an online school called Art of Problem
Solving, which began about 13 years ago and now has 15,000 users. Students use forums to chat,
play games, and solve problems together at no cost, or they can pay a few hundred dollars to take
courses with trained teachers. According to Richard Rusczyk, the company founder, the six U.S.
team members who competed at the IMO last year collectively took more than 40 courses on the
site. Parents of advanced-math students and MathCounts coaches say the children are on the
website constantly.
[H] There are also dozens of summer camps—many attached to universities—that aim to prepare elite
math students. Some are pricey- a three-week intensive program can cost $ 4,500 or more- but
most offer scholarships. The Math Olympiad Summer Training Program is a three-week math
camp held by the Mathematical Association of America that leads straight to the international
championship and is free fbr those who make it. Only about 50 students are invited based on their
performance on written tests and at the USA Math Olympiad.
[I] Students in university towns may also have access to another lever fbr involvement in accelerated
math: math circles. In these groups, which came out of an Eastern European tradition of
developing young talent, professors teach promising K-12 students advanced mathematics for
several hours after school or on weekends. The Los Angeles Math Circle, held at the University of
California, Los Angeles, began in 2007 with 20 students and now has more than 250. “ These
math circles cost nothing, or they're very cheap fbr students to get involved in, but you have to
know about them,“ said Rusczyk. " Most people would love to get students from more
underserved populations, but they just can't get them in the door. Part of it is communication; part
of it is transportation/'
[J] Ifs no secret in the advanced-math community that diversity is a problem. According to Mark Saul,
the director of competitions for the Mathematical Association of America, not a single African-
American or Hispanic student—and only a handful of girls—has ever made it to the Math
Olympiad team in its 50 years of existence. Many schools simply don't prioritize academic
competitions. u Do you know who we have to beat?" asked Saul. <4The football team, the basketball
team—thafs our competition fbr resources, student time, attention, school dollars, parent efforts,
school enthusiasm."
[K] Teachers in low-income urban and rural areas with no history of participating in math
competitions may not know about advanced-math opportunities like MathCounts- and those
who do may not have support or feel trained to lead them.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 95 -----
[L] But there are initiatives in place to try to get more underrepresented students involved in
accelerated math. A New York City-based nonprofit called Bridge to Enter Mathematics runs a
residential summer program aimed at getting underserved students, mostly black and Hispanic,
working toward math and science careers. The summer after 7th grade, students spend three
weeks on a college campus studying advanced math for seven hours a day. Over the next five
years, the group helps the students get into other elite summer math programs, high-performing
high schools, and eventually college. About 250 students so far have gone through the program,
which receives funding from the Jack Kent Cooke Foundation.
[M] "If you look at a lot of low-income communities in the United States, there are programs that are
serving them, but they5 re primarily centered around ' Let's get these kids' grades up,' and not
around ' Lefs get these kids access to the same kinds of opportunities as more-affluent kids,'"
said Daniel Zaharopol, the founder and executive director of the program. "We're trying to create
that pathway.n Students apply to the program directly through their schools. u We want to reach
parents who are not plugged into the system," said Zaharopol.
[N] In the past few years, MathCounts added two new middle school programs to try to diversify its
participant pool- the National Math Club and the Math Video Challenge. Schools or teachers
who sign up fbr the National Math Club receive a kit full of activities and resources, but there's
no special teacher training and no competition attached.
[O] The Math Video Challenge is a competition, but a collaborative one. Teams of four students make
a video illustrating a math problem and its real-world application. After the high-pressure
Countdown round at this year's national MathCounts competition, in which the top 12 students
went head to head solving complex problems in rapid fire, the finalists for the Math Video
Challenge took the stage to show their videos. The demographics of that group looked quite
different from those in the competition round- of the 16 video finalists, 13 were girls and eight
were African-American students. The video challenge does not put individual students on the hot
seat- so ifs less intimidating by design. It also adds the element of artistic creativity to attract a
new pool of students who may not see themselves as “math people/'
36. Middle school is a crucial period when students may become keenly interested in advanced
mathematics.
37. Elite high school math competitions are attracting more interest throughout the United States.
38. Math circles provide students with access to advanced-math training by university professors.
39. Students may take advantage of online resources to learn to solve math problems.
40. The summer program run by a nonprofit organization has helped many underserved students learn
6 - 7

----- PAGE 96 -----
advanced math.
41. Winners of local contests will participate in the national math competition fbr free.
42. Many schools don't place academic competitions at the top of their priority list.
43. Contestants of elite high school math competitions are mostly Asian and white students from well-
off families.
44. Some math training programs primarily fbcus on raising students' math scores.
45. Some intensive summer programs are very expensive but most of them provide scholarships.
Section C
Directions ： There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
We live today indebted to McCardell, Cashin, Hawes, Wilkins, and Maxwell, and other women
who liberated American fashion from the confines of Parisian design. Independence came in tying,
wrapping, storing, harmonizing, and rationalizing that wardrobe. These designers established the
modern dress code, letting play suits and other activewear outfits suffice fbr casual clothing, allowing
pants to enter the wardrobe, and prizing rationalism and versatility in dress, in contradiction to
dressing for an occasion or allotment of the day. Fashion in America was logical and answerable to
the will of the women who wore it. Implicitly or explicitly, American fashion addressed a democracy,
whereas traditional Paris-based fashion was prescriptive and imposed on women, willing or not.
In an earlier time, American fashion had also followed the dictates of Paris, or even copied and
pirated specific French designs. Designer sportswear was not modeled on that of Europe, as u modern
art" would later be; it was genuinely invented and developed in America. Its designers were not high-
end with supplementary lines. The design objective and the business commitment were to sportswear,
and the distinctive traits were problem-solving ingenuity and realistic lifestyle applications. Ease of
care was most important: summer dresses and outfits, in particular, were chiefly cotton, readily
capable of being washed and pressed at home. Closings were simple, practical, and accessible, as
the modern woman depended on no personal maid to dress her. American designers prized
resourcefulness and the freedom of the women who wore the clothing.
Many have argued that the women designers of this time were able to project their own clothing
values into a new style. Of course, much of this argument in the 1930s-40s was advanced because
there was little or no experience in justifying apparel (月艮装)on the basis of utility. If Paris was cast
6 - 8

----- PAGE 97 -----
aside, the tradition of beauty was also to some degree slighted. Designer sportswear would have to be
verified by a standard other than that of pure beauty; the emulation of a designer's life in designer
sportswear was a crude version of this relationship. The consumer was ultimately to be mentioned
as well, especially by the likes of Dorothy Shaver, who could point to the sales figures at Lord &
Taylor.
Could utility alone justify the new ideas of the American designers? Fashion is often regarded as
a pursuit of beauty, and some cherished fashion's trivial relationship to the fine arts. What the
designers of American sportswear proved was that fashion is a genuine design art, answering to the
demanding needs of service. Of course these practical, insightful designers have determined the course
of late twentieth-century fashion. They were the pioneers of gender equity, in their useful, adaptable
clothing, which was both made for the masses and capable of self-expression.
46. What contribution did the women designers make to American fashion?
A) They made some improvements on the traditional Parisian design.
B) They formulated a dress code with distinctive American features.
C) They came up with a brand new set of design procedures.
D) They made originality a top priority in their fashion design.
47. What do we learn about American designer sportswear?
A) It imitated the European model. 
C) It represented genuine American art.
B) It laid emphasis on women's beauty. 
D) It was a completely new invention.
48. What characterized American designer sportswear?
A) Pursuit of beauty. 
C) Ease of care.
B) Decorative closings. 
D) Fabric quality.
49. What occurred in the design of women's apparel in America during the 1930s- 40s?
A) A shift of emphasis from beauty to utility.
B) The emulation of traditional Parisian design.
C) A search for balance between tradition and novelty.
D) The involvement of more women in fashion design.
50. What do we learn about designers of American sportswear?
A) They catered to the taste of the younger generation.
B) They radically changed people's concept of beauty.
C) They advocated equity between men and women.
D) They became rivals of their Parisian counterparts.
6 - 9

----- PAGE 98 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Massive rubbish dumps and sprawling landfills constitute one of the more uncomfortable impacts
that humans have on wildlife. They have led some birds to give up on migration. Instead of flying
thousands of miles in search of food, they make the waste sites their winter feeding grounds.
Researchers in Germany used miniature GPS tags to track the migrations of 70 white storks (鹳)
from different sites across Europe and Asia during the first five months of their lives. While many
birds travelled along well-known routes to warmer climates, others stopped short and spent the winter
on landfills, feeding on food waste, and the multitudes of insects that thrive on the dumps.
In the short-term, the birds seem to benefit from o v e r w i n t e r i n g ^ rubbish dumps. Andrea
Flack of the Max Planck Institute found that birds following traditional migration routes were more
likely to die than German storks that flew only as far as northern Morocco, and spent the winter there
on rubbish dumps. "For the birds ifs a very convenient way to get food. There are huge clusters of
organic waste they can feed on,^^ said Flack. The meals are not particularly appetising, or even safe.
Much of the waste is discarded rotten meat, mixed in with other human debris such as plastic bags
and old toys.
"It's very risky. The birds can easily eat pieces of plastic or rubber bands and they can die," said
Flack. u And we don't know about the long-term consequences. They might eat something toxic and
damage their health. We cannot estimate that yet.”
The scientists tracked white storks from different colonies in Europe and Africa. The Russian,
Greek and Polish storks flew as far as South Africa, while those from Spain, Tunisia and Germany
flew only as far as the Sahel.
Landfill sites on the Iberian peninsula have long attracted local white storks, but all of the
Spanish birds tagged in the study flew across the Sahara desert to the western Sahel. Writing in the
journal, the scientists describe how the storks from Germany were clearly affected by the presence of
waste sites, with four out of six birds that survived for at least five months overwintering on rubbish
dumps in northern Morocco, instead of migrating to the Sahel.
Flack said it was too early to know whether the benefits of plentiful food outweighed the risks of
feeding on landfills. But thafs not the only uncertainty. Migrating birds affect ecosystems both at
home and at their winter destinations, and disrupting the traditional routes could have unexpected side
effects. White storks feed on locusts (蝗虫)and other insects that can become pests if their numbers
get out of hand. 44They provide a useful service,n said Flack.
51. What is the impact of rubbish dumps on wildlife?
A) They have forced white storks to search for safer winter shelters.
B) They have seriously polluted the places where birds spend winter.
C) They have accelerated the reproduction of some harmful insects.
D) They have changed the previous migration habits of certain birds.
6 - 10

----- PAGE 99 -----
52. What do we learn about birds following the traditional migration routes?
A) They can multiply at an accelerating rate. 
C) They help humans kill harmful insects.
B) They can better pull through the winter. 
D) They are more likely to be at risk of dying.
53. What does Andrea Flack say about the birds overwintering on rubbish dumps?
A) They may end up staying there permanently.
B) They may eat something harmful.
C) They may evolve new feeding habits.
D) They may have trouble getting adequate food.
54. What can be inferred about the Spanish birds tagged in the study?
A) They gradually lose the habit of migrating in winter.
B) They prefer rubbish dumps far away to those at home.
C) They are not attracted to the rubbish dumps on their migration routes.
D) They join the storks from Germany on rubbish dumps in Morocco.
55. What is scientists, other concern about white storks feeding on landfills?
A) The potential harm to the ecosystem. 
C) The spread of epidemics to their homeland.
B) The genetic change in the stork species. 
D) The damaging effect on bio-diversity.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
宋朝始于960年，一直延续到1279年。这一时期，中国经济大幅增长，成为世界上最先进
的经济体，科学、技术、哲学和数学蓬勃发展。宋代中国是世界历史上首先发行纸币的国家。宋
朝还最早使用火药并发明了适里(movable-type)印刷。人口增长迅速，越来越多的人住进城市，
那里有热闹的娱乐场所。社会生活多种多样。人们聚集在一起观看和交易珍贵艺术品。宋朝
的政府体制在当时也是先进的。政府官员均通过竞争性考试选拔任用。
6 • 11

----- PAGE 100 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to attend a vocational college or a
university, write an essay to state your opinion. You are required to write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 101 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2017年6 月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 102 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
特别说明
学 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
公
I 第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
, ^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » 7 1
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Lefs all stop judging people who talk to themselves. New research says that those who can't
seem to keep their inner monologues (独白)in are actually more likely to stay on task, remain 
26
better and show improved perception capabilities. Not bad, really, for some extra muttering.
According to a series of experiments published in the Quarterly Journal of Experimental
Psychology by professors Gary Lupyan and Daniel Swignley, the act of using verbal clues to 
27
mental pictures helps people function quicker.
In one experiment, they showed pictures of various objects to twenty 
28 
and asked them to
find just one of those, a banana. Half were 
29 
to repeat out loud what they were looking for and
the other half kept their lips 
30 
. Those who talked to themselves found the banana slightly faster
than those who didn't, the researchers say. In other experiments, Lupyan and Swignley found that
31 
the name of a common product when on the hunt for it helped quicken someone's pace, but
talking about uncommon items showed no advantage and slowed you down.
Common research has long held that talking themselves through a task helps children learn,
although doing so when you've 
32 
matured is not a great sign of 
33 
The two professors
hope to refute that idea, 
34 
that just as when kids walk themselves through a process, adults can
benefit from using language not just to communicate, but also to help 44 augment thinkingv .
Of course, you are still encouraged to keep the talking at library tones and, whatever you do,
keep the information you share simple, like a grocery list. At any 
35 
, there's still such a thing as
too much information.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 103 -----
A)
apparently
I)
obscurely
B)
arrogance
J)
sealed
C)
brilliance
K)
spectators
D)
claiming
L)
trigger
E)
dedicated
M)
uttering
F)
focused
N)
volume
G)
incur
0 )
volunteers
H)
instructed
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Rich Children and Poor Ones Are Raised Very Differently
[A] The lives of children from rich and poor American families look more di他rent than ever before.
[B] Well-off families are ruled by calendars, with children enrolled in ballet, soccer and after-school
programs, according to a new Pew Research Center survey. There are usually two parents, who spend
a lot of time reading to children and worrying about their anxiety levels and hectic schedules.
[C] In poor families, meanwhile, children tend to spend their time at home or with extended family.
They are more likely to grow up in neighborhoods that their parents say aren't great for raising
children, and their parents worry about them getting shot, beaten up or in trouble with the law.
[D] The class differences in child rearing are growing—a symptom of widening inequality with far-
reaching consequences. Different upbringings set children on different paths and can deepen
socioeconomic divisions, especially because education is strongly linked to earnings. Children grow
up learning the skills to succeed in their socioeconomic stratum (阶层)，but not necessarily others.
[E] 
4< Early childhood experiences can be very consequential for children's long-term social, emotional
and cognitive development," said Sean Reardon, professor of poverty and inequality in education
at Stanford University. u And because those influence educational success and later earnings, early
childhood experiences cast a lifelong shadow.n The cycle continues: Poorer parents have less time
and fewer resources to invest in their children, which can leave children less prepared for school
and work, which leads to lower earnings.
[F] American parents want similar things for their children, the Pew report and past research have found:
6 • 2

----- PAGE 104 -----
for them to be healthy and happy, honest and ethical, caring and compassionate. There is no best
parenting style or philosophy, researchers say, and across income groups, 92% of parents say they are
doing a good job at raising their children. Yet they are doing it quite differently. Middle-class and
higher-income parents see their children as projects in need of careful cultivation, says Annette Lareau,
whose groundbreaking research on the topic was published in her book Unequal Childhoods ：
 Class,
Race and Family Life. They try to develop their skills through close supervision and organized
activities, and teach children to question authority figures and navigate elite institutions.
[G] Working-class parents, meanwhile, believe their children will naturally thrive, and give them far
greater independence and time for free play. They are taught to be compliant and respectful to
adults. There are benefits to both approaches. Working-class children are happier, more
independent, complain less and are closer to family members, Ms. Lareau found. Higher-income
children are more likely to declare boredom and expect their parents to solve their problems. Yet
later on, the more affluent children end up in college and on the way to the middle class, while
working-class children tend to struggle. Children from higher-income families are likely to have the
skills to navigate bureaucracies and succeed in schools and workplaces, Ms. Lareau said.
[H] 
u Do all parents want the most success for their children? Absolutely," she said. "D o some
strategies give children more advantages than others in institutions? Probably they do. Will
parents be damaging children if they have one fewer organized activity? No, I really doubt it."
[I] Social scientists say the differences arise in part because low-income parents have less money to
spend on music class or preschool, and less flexible schedules to take children to museums or
attend school events. Extracurricular activities reflect the differences in child rearing in the Pew
survey, which was of a nationally representative sample of 1,807 parents. Of families earning more
than $ 75,000 a year, 84% say their children have participated in organized sports over the past
year, 64% have done volunteer work and 62% have taken lessons in music, dance or art. Of
families earning less than $ 30,000, 59% of children have done sports, 37% have volunteered and
41% have taken arts classes.
[J] Especially in affluent families, children start young. Nearly half of high-earning, college-graduate
parents enrolled their children in arts classes before they were 5, compared with one-fifth of low-
income, less-educated parents. Nonetheless, 20% of well-off parents say their children's schedules
are too hectic, compared with 8% of poorer parents.
[K] Another example is reading aloud, which studies have shown gives children bigger vocabularies
and better reading comprehension in school. 71% of parents with a college degree say they do it
every day, compared with 33% of those with a high school diploma or less. White parents are
more likely than others to read to their children daily, as are married parents. Most affluent
parents enroll their children in preschool or day care, while low-income parents are more likely to
depend on family members. Discipline techniques vary by education level: 8% of those with a
6 • 3

----- PAGE 105 -----
postgraduate degree say they often beat their children, compared with 22% of those with a high
school degree or less.
[L] The survey also probed attitudes and anxieties. Interestingly, parents5 attitudes toward education do
not seem to reflect their own educational background as much as a belief in the importance of
education fbr upward mobility. Most American parents say they are not concerned about their
children's grades as long as they work hard. But 50% of poor parents say it is extremely important
to them that their children earn a college degree, compared with 39% of wealthier parents.
[M] Less-educated parents, and poorer and black and Latino parents are more likely to believe that
there is no such thing as too much involvement in a child's education. Parents who are white,
wealthy or college-educated say too much involvement can be bad. Parental anxieties reflect their
circumstances. High-earning parents are much more likely to say they live in a good
neighborhood fbr raising children. While bullying is parents5 greatest concern over all, nearly half
of low-income parents worry their child will get shot, compared with one-fifth of high-income
parents. They are more worried about their children being depressed or anxious.
[N] In the Pew survey, middle-class families earning between $ 30,000 and $ 75,000 a year fell right
between working-class and high-earning parents on issues like the quality of their neighborhood
for raising children, participation in extracurricular activities and involvement in their children, s
education.
[O] Children were not always raised so differently. The achievement gap between children from high-
and low-income families is 30-40% larger among children born in 2001 than those born 25 years
earlier, according to Mr. Reardon, s research. People used to live near people of different income
levels; neighborhoods are now more segregated by income. More than a quarter of children live
in single-parent households- a historic high, according to Pew- and these children are three
times as likely to live in poverty as those who live with married parents. Meanwhile, growing
income inequality has coincided with the increasing importance of a college degree for earning a
middle-class wage.
[P] Yet there are recent signs that the gap could be starting to shrink. In the past decade, even as
income inequality has grown, some of the socioeconomic differences in parenting, like reading to
children and going to libraries, have narrowed.
[Q] Public policies aimed at young children have helped, including public preschool programs and
reading initiatives. Addressing dififerences in the earliest years, it seems, could reduce inequality
in the next generation.
36. Working-class parents teach their children to be obedient and show respect to adults.
37. American parents, whether rich or poor, have similar expectations of their children despite
different ways of parenting.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 106 -----
38. While rich parents are more concerned with their children's psychological well-being, poor parents
are more worried about their children's safety.
39. The increasing differences in child rearing between rich and poor families reflect growing social
inequality.
40. Parenting approaches of working-class and affluent families both have advantages.
41. Higher-income families and working-class families now tend to live in different neighborhoods.
42. Physical punishment is used much less by well-educated parents.
43. Ms. Lareau doesn't believe participating in fewer after-class activities will negatively affect
children's development.
44. Wealthy parents are concerned about their children's mental health and busy schedules.
45. Some socioeconomic differences in child rearing have shrunk in the past ten years.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Tennessee's technical and community colleges will not outsource (夕卜包)management of their facilities
to a private company, a decision one leader said was bolstered by an analysis of spending at each campus.
In an email sent Monday to college presidents in the Tennessee Board of Regents system,
outgoing Chancellor John Morgan said an internal analysis showed that each campus, spending on
facilities management fell well below the industry standards identified by the state. Morgan said those
findings- which included data from the system's 13 community colleges, 27 technical colleges and
six universities- were part of the decision not to move forward with Governor Bill Haslam's proposal
to privatize management of state buildings in an effort to save money.
While these numbers are still being validated by the state, we feel any adjustments they might
suggest will be immaterial," Morgan wrote to the presidents. u System institutions are operating very
efficiently based on this analysis, raising the question of the value of pursuing a broad scale
outsourcing initiative.n
Workers, advocates have criticized Haslam's plan, saying it would mean some campus workers
would lose their jobs or benefits. Haslam has said colleges would be free to opt in or out of the
outsourcing plan, which has not been finalized.
6 - 5

----- PAGE 107 -----
Morgan notified the Haslam administration of his decision to opt out in a letter sent last week.
That letter, which includes several concerns Morgan has with the plan, was originally obtained by The
Commercial Appeal in Memphis.
In an email statement from the state's Office of Customer Focused Government, which is
examining the possibility of outsourcing, spokeswoman Michelle R. Martin said officials were still
working to analyze the data from the Board of Regents. Data on management expenses at the college
system and in other state departments will be part of a 41 business justification" the state will use as
officials deliberate the specifics of an outsourcing plan.
“The state's facilities management project team is still in the process of developing its business
justification and expects to have that completed and available to the public at the end of February," Martin
said. u At this time there is nothing to take action on since the analysis has yet to be completed.n
Morgan's comments on outsourcing mark the second time this month that he has come out
against one of Haslam's plans for higher education in Tennessee. Morgan said last week that he would
retire at the end of January because of the governofs proposal to split off six universities of the Board
of Regents system and create separate governing boards fbr each of them. In his resignation letter,
Morgan called the reorganization u unworkable.n
46. What do we learn about the decision of technical and community colleges in Tennessee?
A) It is backed by a campus spending analysis. 
C) It has neglected their faculty's demands.
B) It has been flatly rejected by the governor. 
D) It will improve their financial situation.
47. What does the campus spending analysis reveal?
A) Private companies play a big role in campus management.
B) Facilities management by colleges is more cost-effective.
C) Facilities management has greatly improved in recent years.
D) Colleges exercise full control over their own financial affairs.
48. Workers1 supporters argue that Bill Haslam's proposal w
o u l d .
A) deprive colleges of the right to manage their facilities
B) make workers less motivated in performing duties
C) render a number of campus workers jobless
D) lead to the privatization of campus facilities
49. What do we learn from the state spokeswoman's response to John Morgan's decision?
A) The outsourcing plan is not yet finalized.
B) The outsourcing plan will be implemented.
C) The state officials are confident about the outsourcing plan.
D) The college spending analysis justifies the outsourcing plan.
50. Why did John Morgan decide to resign?
A) He had lost confidence in the Tennessee state government.
B) He disagreed with the governor on higher education policies.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 108 -----
C) He thought the state's outsourcing proposal was simply unworkable.
D) He opposed the governor's plan to reconstruct the college board system.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Beginning in the late sixteenth century, it became fashionable for young aristocrats to visit Paris,
Venice, Florence, and above all, Rome, as the culmination (终极)of their classical education. Thus
was born the idea of the Grand Tour, a practice which introduced Englishmen, Germans,
Scandinavians, and also Americans to the art and culture of France and Italy fbr the next 300 years.
Travel was arduous and costly throughout the period, possible only for a privileged class- the same
that produced gentlemen scientists, authors, antique experts, and patrons of the arts.
The Grand Tourist was typically a young man with a thorough grounding in Greek and Latin
literature as well as some leisure time, some means, and some interest in art. The German traveler
Johann Winckelmann pioneered the field of art histoiy with his comprehensive study of Greek and
Roman sculpture; he was portrayed by his friend Anton Raphael Mengs at the beginning of his long
residence in Rome. Most Grand Tourists, however, stayed fbr briefer periods and set out with less
scholarly intentions, accompanied by a teacher or guardian, and expected to return home with souvenirs of
their travels as well as an understanding of art and architecture formed by exposure to great masterpieces.
London was a frequent starting point for Grand Tourists, and Paris a compulsory destination;
many traveled to the Netherlands, some to Switzerland and Germany, and a very few adventurers to
Spain, Greece, or Turkey. The essential place to visit, however, was Italy. The British traveler Charles
Thompson spoke for many Grand Tourists when in 1744 he described himself as 11 being impatiently
desirous of viewing a country so famous in history, a country which once gave laws to the world, and
which is at present the greatest school of music and painting, contains the noblest productions of
sculpture and architecture, and is filled with cabinets of rarities, and collections of all kinds of
historical relics." Within Italy, the great focus was Rome, whose ancient ruins and more recent
achievements were shown to every Grand Tourist. Panini's Ancient Rome and Modern Rome
represent the sights most prized, including celebrated Greco-Roman statues and views of famous
ruins, fountains, and churches. Since there were few museums anywhere in Europe before the close of
the eighteenth century, Grand Tourists often saw paintings and sculptures by gaining admission to
private collections, and many were eager to acquire examples of Greco-Roman and Italian art for their
own collections. In England, where architecture was increasingly seen as an aristocratic pursuit,
noblemen often applied what they learned from the villas of Palladio in the Veneto and the evocative
(噢起回，
忆的)ruins of Rome to their own country houses and gardens.
51. What is said about the Grand Tour?
A) It was fashionable among young people of the time.
B) It was unaffordable for ordinary people.
C) It produced some famous European artists.
D) It made a compulsory part of college education.
6 ・
 7

----- PAGE 109 -----
52. What did Grand Tourists have in common?
A) They had much geographic knowledge.
B) They were courageous and venturesome.
C) They were versed in literature and interested in art.
D) They had enough travel and outdoor-life experience.
53. How did Grand Tourists benefit from their travel?
A) They found inspiration in the world's greatest masterpieces.
B) They got a better understanding of early human civilization.
C) They developed an interest in the origin of modern art forms.
D) They gained some knowledge of classical art and architecture.
54. Why did many Grand Tourists visit the private collections?
A) They could buy unique souvenirs there to take back home.
B) Europe hardly had any museums before the 19th century.
C) They found the antiques there more valuable.
D) Private collections were of greater variety.
55. How did the Grand Tour influence the architecture in England?
A) There appeared more and more Roman-style buildings.
B) Many aristocrats began to move into Roman-style villas.
C) Aristocrats, country houses all had Roman-style gardens.
D) Italian architects were hired to design houses and gardens.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answ er Sheet 2.
唐朝始于618年，终于907年，是中国历史上最灿烂的时期。经过近三百年的发展，唐代中
国成为世界上最繁荣的强国，其首都长安是世界上最大的都市。这一时期，经济发达、商业繁
荣、社会秩序稳定，甚至边境也对外开放。随着城市化和财富的增加，艺术和文学也繁荣起来。
李白和杜甫是以作品简洁自然而著称的诗人。他们的诗歌打动了学者和普通人的心。即使在
今天，他们的许多诗歌仍广为儿童及成人阅读背诵。
6 - 8

----- PAGE 110 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to attend college at home or
abroad, write an essay to state your opinion. You are required to write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 111 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2017年12月第1套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 112 -----
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) ,
B) , C)and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h ee t 1 with a single line
through the centre.
饕
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) They reward businesses that eliminate food waste.
B) They prohibit the sale of foods that have gone stale.
C) They facilitate the donation of unsold foods to the needy.
D) They forbid businesses to produce more foods than needed.
2. A) It imposed penalties on businesses that waste food.
B) It passed a law aiming to stop overproduction.
C) It voted against food import from outside Europe.
D) It prohibited the promotion of bulk food sales.
3. A) It has warned its people against possible food shortages.
B) It has penalized businesses that keep overproducing foods.
C) It has started a nationwide campaign against food waste.
D) It has banned supermarkets from dumping edible foods.
4. A) The confusion over food expiration labels. 
C) Americans, habit of buying food in bulk.
B) The surplus resulting from overproduction. 
D) A lack of regulation on food consumption.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It has started a week-long promotion campaign.
B) It has just launched its annual anniversary sales.
C) It oflers regular weekend sales all the year round.
D) It specializes in the sale of ladies' designer dresses.
6. A) Price reductions for its frequent customers.
B) Coupons for customers with bulk purchases.
C) Free delivery of purchases for senior customers.
D) Price adjustments within seven days of purchase.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 113 -----
7. A) Mail a gift card to her.
B) Allow her to buy on credit.
8. A) Refunding for goods returned.
B) Free installing of appliances.
C) Credit it to her account.
D) Give her some coupons.
C) Prolonged goods warranty.
D) Complimentary tailoring.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ),
C} and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They are thin, tall, and unlike real human beings.
B) They have more than twenty different hair textures.
C) They have twenty-four different body shapes in total.
D) They represent people from virtually all walks of life.
10. A) They do not reflect young girls' aspirations. 
C) Their flat feet do not appeal to adolescents.
B) They are not sold togetherw ith the original. 
D) Their body shapes have not changed much.
11. A) In toy stores. 
C) On the Internet.
B) In shopping malls. 
D) At Barbie shops.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Moveable metal type began to be used in printing.
B) Chinese printing technology was first introduced.
C) The earliest known book was published.
D) Metal type was imported from Korea.
13. A) It had more than a hundred printing presses.
B) It was the biggest printer in the 16th century.
C) It helped the German people become literate.
D) It produced some 20 million volumes in total.
14. A) It pushed handwritten books out of circulation. 
C) It made writing a very profitable career.
B) It boosted the circulation of popular works. D) It provided readers with more choices.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 114 -----
15. A) It accelerated the extinction of the Latin language.
B) It standardized the publication of grammar books.
C) It turned translation into a welcome profession.
D) It promoted the growth of national languages.
22. A) They recite a principle.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They get bored after working fbr a period of time.
B) They spend an average of one year finding a job.
C) They become stuck in the same job fbr decades.
D) They choose a job without thinking it through.
17. A) See if there will be chances forp romotion. 
C) Watch a film about ways of job hunting.
B) Find out what job choices are available. 
D) Decide which job is most attractive to you.
18. A) The qualifications you have. 
C) The culture of your target company.
B) The pay you are going to get. 
D) The work environment you will be in.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It is as important as Christmas fbr African-Americans.
B) It is a cultural festival founded for African-Americans.
C) It is an ancient festival celebrated by African-Americans.
D) It is a religious festival celebrated by African-Americans.
20. A) To urge African-Americans to do more for society.
B) To call on African-Americans to worship their gods.
C) To help African-Americans to realize their goals.
D) To remind African-Americans of their sufferings.
21. A) Faith in self-determination. 
C) Unity and cooperative economics.
B) The first fruits of the harvest. 
D) Creative work and achievement.
C) They drink wine from the unity cup.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 115 -----
B) They take a solemn oath. 
D) They call out their ancestors5 names.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) It is one of the world's most healthy diets.
B) It contains large amounts of dairy products.
C) It began to impact the world in recent years.
D) It consists mainly of various kinds of seafood.
24. A) It involved 13, 000 researchers from Asia, Europe and America.
B) It was conducted in seven Mid-Eastern countries in the 1950s.
C) It is regarded as one of the greatest researches of its kind.
D) It has drawn the attention of medical doctors the world over.
25. A) They care much about their health. 
C) They use little oil in cooking.
B) They eat foods with little fat. 
D) They have lower mortality rates.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er S h ee t 2  with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the hank more than once.
In the past 12 months, Nigeria has suffered from a shrinking economy, a sliding currency, and a
prolonged fuel shortage. Now, Africa^ largest economy is facing a food crisis as major tomato fields
have been destroyed by an insect, leading to a nationwide shortage and escalating prices.
The insect, Tutaabsoluta, has destroyed 80% of farms in Kaduna, Nigeria's largest tomato­
producing state, leading the government there to declare a state of 
26 
. The insect, also known as
the tomato leaf miner, devastates crops by 
27 
on fruits and digging into and moving through stalks.
It 
28 
incredibly quickly, breeding up to 12 generations per year if conditions are favorable. It is
believed to have 
29 
in South America in the early 1900s, and later spread to Europe before
crossing over to sub-Saharan Africa.
In Nigeria, where tomatoes are a staple of local diets, the insecfs effects are devastating. Retail prices
for a 
30 
of tomatoes at local markets have risen from $ 0. 50 to $ 2. 50. Farmers are reporting steep
losses and a new $ 20 million tomato-paste factory has 
31 
production due to the shortages.
Given the moth's ability also to attack crops like pepper and potatoes, Audu Ogbeh, Nigeria's
minister of agriculture, has warned that the pest may u create serious problems for food 
32 
in
6 , 4

----- PAGE 116 -----
the country. Ogbeh says experts are investigating how to control the pesfs damage and prevent its
spread, which has gone largely 
33 
until now.
Despite being the continents second-largest producer of tomatoes, Nigeria is 
34 
on $ 1
billion worth of tomato-paste imports every year, as around 75% of the local harvest goes to waste
thanks to a lack of proper storage facilities. A further 
35 
in local supplies is yet another
unwelcome setback to the industry.
H) multitude
A)
dependent
I)
originated
B)
embarking
J)
reduction
C)
emergency
K)
reproduces
D)
feeding
L)
security
E)
grazes
M)
terror
F)
halted
N)
unchecked
G)
handful
0 )
untouched
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Who's Really Addicting You to Technology?
[A] 
u Nearly everyone I know is addicted in some measure to the Internet/' wrote Tony Schwartz in The
New York Times. Ifs a common complaint these days. A steady stream of similar headlines accuse the
Net and its offspring apps, social media sites and online games of addicting us to distraction.
[B] There's little doubt that nearly everyone who comes in contact with the Net has difficulty
disconnecting. Many of us, like Schwartz, struggle to stay focused on tasks that require more
concentration than it takes to post a status update. As one person ironically put it in the comments
section of Schwartz's online article, “ As I was reading this very excellent article, I stopped at
least half a dozen times to check my email.n
[C] There's something different about this technology: it is both invasive and persuasive. But who's at
fault for its overuse? To find solutions, it's important to understand what we're dealing with. There
are four parties conspiring to keep you connected: the tech, your boss, your friends and you.
6 - 5

----- PAGE 117 -----
[D] The technologies themselves, and their makers, are the easiest suspects to blame for our
diminishing attention spans. Nicholas Carr, author of The Shallows：
 What the Internet Is Doing to
Our Brains, wrote, “ The net is designed to be an interruption system, a machine geared to
dividing attention.n
[E] Online services like Facebook, Twitter and the like, are called out as masters of manipulation—
making products so good that people can't stop using them. After studying these products for
several years, I wrote a book about how they do it. I learned it all starts with the business model.
Since these services rely on advertising revenue, the more frequently you use them, the more
money they make. Ifs no wonder these companies employ teams of people focused on engineering
their services to be as engaging as possible. These products aren't habit-forming by chance; ifs by
design. They have an incentive to keep us hooked.
[F] However, as good as these services are, there are simple steps we can take to keep them at bay. For
example, we can change how often we receive the distracting notifications that trigger our urge to
check. According to Adam Marchick, CEO of mobile marketing company Kahuna, less than 15
percent of smartphone users ever bother to adjust their notification settings—meaning the remaining
85 percent of us default to the app makers' every preset trigger. Google and Apple have made it far
too difficult to adjust these settings so it's up to us to take steps to ensure we set these triggers to
suit our own needs, not the needs of the app makers5.
[G] While companies like Facebook harvest attention to generate revenue from advertisers, other
technologies have no such agenda. Take email, fbr example. This system couldn't care less how
often you use it. Yet to many, email is the most habit-forming medium of all. We check email at
all hours of the day- we're obsessed. But why? Because thafs what the boss wants. For almost
all white-collar jobs, email is the primary tool of corporate communication. A slow response to a
message could hurt not only your reputation but also your livelihood.
[H] Your friends are also responsible for the addiction. Think about this familiar scene. People
gathered around a table, enjoying food and each other's company. There's laughter and a bit of
kidding. Then, during an interval in the conversation, someone takes out their phone to check
who knows what. Barely anyone notices and no one says a thing.
[I] Now, imagine the same dinner, but instead of checking their phone, the person belches （打嗝）—
loudly. Everyone notices. Unless the meal takes place in a beer house, this is considered bad
manners. The impolite act violates the basic rules of etiquette. One has to wonder: why don't we
apply the same social norms to checking phones during meals, meetings and conversations as we
do to other antisocial behaviors? Somehow, we accept it and say nothing when someone offends.
[J] The reality is, taking one's phone out at the wrong time is worse than belching because, unlike
6 • 6

----- PAGE 118 -----
other minor offense, checking tech is contagious. Once one person looks at their phone, other
people feel compelled to do the same, starting a chain reaction. The more people are on their
phones, the fewer people are talking until finally you're the only one left not reading email or
checking Twitter. From a societal perspective, phone checking is less like belching in public and
more like another bad habit. Our phones are like cigarettes—something to do when we're anxious,
bored or when our fingers need something to toy with. Seeing others enjoy a smoke, or sneak a
quick glance, is too tempting to resist and soon everyone is doing it.
[K] The technology, your boss, and your friends, all influence how often you find yourself using (or
overusing) these gadgets. But there's still someone who deserves scrutiny- the person holding the
phone.
[L] I have a confession. Even though I study habit-forming technology for a living, disconnecting is
not easy for me. I'm online far more than I'd like. Like Schwartz and so many others, I often find
myself distracted and off task. I wanted to know why so I began self-monitoring to try to
understand my behavior. Thafs when I discovered an uncomfortable truth. I use technology as an
escape. When I'm doing something I'd rather not do, or when I'm someplace I'd rather not be, I
use my phone to port myself elsewhere. I found that this ability to instantly shift my attention was
often a good thing, like when passing time on public transportation. But frequently my tech use
was not so benign. When I faced difficult work, like thinking through an article idea or editing
the same draft for the hundredth time, for example, a more sinister screen would draw me in. I
could easily escape discomfort, temporarily, by answering emails or browsing the web under the
pretense of so-called “research." Though I desperately wanted to lay blame elsewhere, I finally had
to admit that my bad habits had less to do with new-age technology and more to do with old-
fashioned procrastination (拖延).
[M] Ifs easy to blame technology for being so distracting, but distraction is nothing new. Aristotle
and Socrates debated the nature of “akrasia”- our tendency to do things against our interests. If
we're honest with ourselves, tech is just another way to occupy our time and minds. If we
weren't on our devices, we'd likely do something similarly unproductive.
[N] Personal technology is indeed more engaging than ever, and there's no doubt companies are
engineering their products and services to be more compelling and attractive. But would we want
it any other way? The intended result of making something better is that people use it more.
Thafs not necessarily a problem, thafs progress.
[O] These improvements don't mean we shouldn't attempt to control our use of technology. In order
to make sure it doesn't control us, we should come to terms with the fact that it's more than the
technology itself thafs responsible for our habits. Our workplace culture, social norms and
individual behaviors all play a part. To put technology in its place, we must be conscious not only
of how technology is changing, but also of how it is changing us.
6 ・
 7

----- PAGE 119 -----
36. Online services are so designed that the more they are used, the more profit they generate.
37. The author admits using technology as an escape from the task at hand.
38. Checking phones at dinners is now accepted as normal but not belching.
39. To make proper use of technology, we should not only increase our awareness of how it is
changing but also how it is impacting us.
40. Most of us find it hard to focus on our immediate tasks because of Internet distractions.
41. When one person starts checking their phone, the others will follow suit.
42. The great majority of smartphone users don't take the trouble to adjust their settings to suit their own
purposes.
43. The Internet is regarded by some as designed to distract our attention.
44. The author attributes his tech addiction chiefly to his habit of putting off doing what he should do
right away.
45. White-collar workers check email round the clock because it is required by their employers.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ） , B ） , C） and
D）. You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
You may have heard that Coca-Cola once contained an ingredient capable of sparking particular
devotion in consumers: cocaine. The "coca" in the name referred to the extracts of coca leaf that the
drink's originator, chemist John Pemberton, mixed with his sugary syrup （浆汁）. At the time, coca leaf
extract mixed with wine was a common tonic （滋未卜品），and Pemberton's sweet brew was a way to
get around local laws prohibiting the sale of alcohol. But the other half of the name represents another
ingredient, less infamous （名声不好的），perhaps, but also strangely potent: the kola nut.
In West Africa, people have long chewed kola nuts as stimulants, because they contain caffeine
that also occurs naturally in tea, coffee, and chocolate. They also have heart stimulants.
Historian Paul Lovejoy relates that the cultivation of kola nuts in West Africa is hundreds of
years old. The leafy, spreading trees were planted on graves and as part of traditional rituals. Even
though the nuts, which need to stay moist, can be somewhat delicate to transport, traders carried them
6 - 8

----- PAGE 120 -----
hundreds of miles throughout the forests and grasslands.
Europeans did not know of them until the 1500s, when Portuguese ships arrived on the coast of
what is now Sierra Leone. And while the Portuguese took part in the trade, ferrying nuts down the
coast along with other goods, by 1620, when English explorer Richard Jobson made his way up the
Gambia, the nuts were still peculiar to his eyes.
By the late 19th century, kola nuts were being shipped by the tonne to Europe and the US. Many
made their way into medicines, intended as a kind of energy boost. One such popular medicinal drink
was Vin Mariani, a French product consisting of coca extract mixed with red wine. It was created by
a French chemist, Angelo Mariani, in 1863. So when Pemberton created his drink, it represented an
ongoing trend. When cocaine eventually fell from grace as a beverage ingredient, kola-extract colas
became popular.
The first year it was available, Coca-Cola averaged nine servings a day across all the Atlanta soda
fountains where it was sold. As it grew more popular, the company sold rights to bottle the soda, so it
could travel easily. Today about 1.9 billion Cokes are purchased daily. Ifs become so iconic that
attempts to change its taste in 1985—sweetening it in a move projected to boost sales―proved
disastrous, with widespread anger from consumers. 41 Coca-Cola Classic5, returned to store shelves just
three months after the “New Coke“ was released.
These days, the Coca-Cola recipe is a closely guarded secret. But it's said to no longer contain
kola nut extract, relying instead on artificial imitations to achieve the flavour.
46. What do we learn about chemist John Pemberton?
A) He used a strangely potent ingredient in a food supplement.
B) He created a drink containing alcohol without breaking law.
C) He became notorious because of the coca drink he developed.
D) He risked breaking local law to make a drink with coca leaves.
47. What does the passage say about kola nuts?
A) Their commercial value was first discovered by Portuguese settlers.
B) They contain some kind of energy boost not found in any other food.
C) Many were shipped to Europe in the late 19th century for medicinal use.
D) They were strange to the Europeans when first imported from West Africa.
48. How come kola-extract colas became popular?
A) Cocaine had become notorious. 
C) Fountains were set up to sell them.
B) Alcoholic drinks were prohibited. 
D) Rights were sold to bottle the soda.
49. What is known about the taste of Coca-Cola?
A) It was so designed as to create addiction in consumers.
B) It still relies on traditional kola nut extract.
C) It has become more popular among the old.
6 - 9

----- PAGE 121 -----
D) It has remained virtually unchanged since its creation.
50. What is the passage mainly about?
A) The evolution of Coca-Cola.
B) The success story of Coca-Cola.
C) The medicinal value of Coca-Cola.
D) The business strategy of Coca-Cola.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Twenty years ago, the Urban Land Institute defined the two types of cities that dominated the US
landscape: smaller cities that operated around standard 9-5 business hours and large metropolitan
areas that ran all 24 hours of the day. Analyzing and comparing cities using the lens of this basic
divide gives interesting context to how investment capital flows and housing prices have shifted.
In recent years, many mid-sized cities have begun to adopt a middle-of-the-road approach
incorporating the excitement and opportunity of large cities with small cities, quiet after midnight. These
18-hour cities are beginning to make waves in real estate rankings and attract more real estate investment.
What is underlying this new movement in real estate, and why do these cities have so much appeal?
18-hour cities combine the best of 24-hour and 9-5 cities, which contributes to downtown
revitalization. For decades, many downtown cores in small to mid-sized cities were abandoned after work
hours by workers who lived in the suburbs. Movement out of city centers was widespread, and downtown
tenants were predominantly made up of the working poor. This generated little commerce for downtown
businesses in the evenings, which made business and generating tax revenue fbr municipal upkeep difficult.
With the rise of a new concept in urban planning that aims to make life easier and more convenient,
however, increasing popularity for urban areas that caused the real estate pushes, in major cities like San
Francisco or New York, has inspired a type of forward thinking urbanity and policy in smaller cities.
Transforming downtown areas so that they incorporate modern housing and improved
walkability to local restaurants, retail, and entertainment- especially when combined with improved
infrastructure fbr cyclists and public transit- makes them appeal to a more affluent demographic.
These adjustments encourage employers in the knowledge and talent industries to keep their offices
downtown. Access to foot traffic and proximity to transit allow the type of entertainment-oriented
businesses such as bars and restaurants to stay open later, which attracts both younger, creative
workers and baby boomers nearing retirement alike. Because of their smaller size, most keep hours
that allow people to enjoy themselves, then have some quiet after midnight, as opposed to large major
cities like New York, where the buzz of activity is ongoing.
These 18-hour cities are rapidly on the rise and offer great opportunities for homeowner
investment. In many of these cities such as Denver, a diverse and vigorous economy attracted to the
urban core has offered stable employment for residents. The right urban mix has propped up home
occupancy, increased property values, and attracted significant investment capital.
6 - 10

----- PAGE 122 -----
51. What do we learn about American cities twenty years ago?
A) They were divided into residential and business areas.
B) Their housing prices were linked with their prosperity.
C) There was a clear divide between large and small cities.
D) They were places where large investment capital flowed.
52. What can be inferred from the passage about 18-hour cities?
A) They especially appeal to small businesses. 
C) They have replaced quiet with excitement.
B) They have seen a rise in property prices. 
D) They have changed America's landscape.
53. Years ago, many downtown cores in small to mid-sized c
i t i e
s
.
A) had hardly any business activity 
C) exhibited no signs of prosperity
B) were crowded in business hours 
D) looked deserted in the evenings
54. What characterizes the new downtown areas in 18-hour cities?
A) A sudden emergence of the knowledge industry.
B) Flooding in of large crowds of migrant workers.
C) Modernized housing and improved infrastructure.
D) More comfortable life and greater upward mobility.
55. What have 18-hour cities brought to the local residents?
A) More chances for promotion. 
C) Greater cultural diversity.
B) Healthier living environment. 
D) Better job opportunities.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
太湖是中国东部的一个淡水湖，占地面积2250平方公里，是中国第三大淡水湖，仅次于鄱
阳和洞庭。太湖约有9 0 个岛屿，大小从几平方米到几平方公里不等。太湖以其独特的“太湖
石”而闻名，太湖石常用于装饰中国传统园林。太湖也以高产的捕鱼业闻名。自上世纪7 0 年代
后期以来，捕捞鱼蟹对沿湖的居民来说极为重要，并对周边地区的经济作出了重大贡献。太湖
地区是中国随官(ceramics)业基地之一，其中宜兴的陶瓷厂家生产举世闻名的宜兴紫砂壶
(clay teapot) o
6 • 11

----- PAGE 123 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay commenting on the saying
u Respect others, and you will be respected. " You can cite examples to illustrate
your views. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 124 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2017年12月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 125 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ),
B) , C) and D ) . Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h ee t 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) Say a few words to thank the speaker. 
C) Give a lecture on the history of the town.
B) Introduce the speaker to the audience. 
D) Host a talk on how to give a good speech.
2. A) He was the founder of the local history society.
B) He has worked with Miss Bligh for 20 years.
C) He has published a book on public speaking.
D) He joined the local history society when young.
3. A) She was obviously better at talking than writing.
B) She had a good knowledge of the town's history.
C) Her speech was so funny as to amuse the audience.
D) Her ancestors came to the town in the 18th century.
4. A) He read exactly what was written in his notes. 
C) He made an embarrassing remark.
B) He kept forgetting what he was going to say. 
D) He was too nervous to speak up.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) What their retailers demand.
B) What their rivals are doing.
6. A) They should be taken seriously.
B) They are rapidly catching up.
7. A) She had given it to Tom.
B) It simply made her go frantic.
8. A) Restructuring the whole company.
B) Employing more forwarding agents.
C) How they are going to beat their rivals.
D) How dramatically the market is changing.
C) Their business strategy is quite effective.
D) Their potential has been underestimated.
C) She had not seen it yet.
D) It was not much of a big concern.
C) Promoting cooperation with Jayal Motors.
D) Exporting their motorbikes to Indonesia.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 126 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or
four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a
question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D).
Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It makes claims in conflict with the existing research.
B) It focuses on the link between bedtime and nutrition.
C) It cautions against the overuse of coffee and alcohol.
D) It shows that “ night owls“ work much less efficiently.
10. A) They pay greater attention to food choice. 
C) They run a higher risk of gaining weight.
B) They tend to achieve less than their peers. 
D) They stand a greater chance to fall sick.
11. A) Get up late. 
C) Exercise more.
B) Sleep 8 hours a day. 
D) Go to bed earlier.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) All of the acting nominees are white. 
C) It is prejudiced against foreign films.
B) It has got too much publicity on TV. 
D) Only 7% of the nominees are female.
13. A) 22 percent of movie directors were people of color.
B) Half of the TV programs were ethnically balanced.
C) Only one-fifth of TV shows had black characters.
D) Only 3.4 percent of film directors were women.
14. A) Non-white males. 
C) Females of color over 40.
B) Program creators. 
D) Asian speaking characters.
15. A) They constitute 17% of Hollywood movie characters.
B) They are most underrepresented across TV and film.
C) They contribute little to the U.S. film industry.
D) They account for 8.5% of the U.S. population.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures
questions. The recordings will be played only once. Afte
or talks followed by three or four
r you hear a question, you must
6 • 2

----- PAGE 127 -----
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) One that can provide for emergency needs.
B) One that can pay for their medical expenses.
C) One that covers their debts and burial expenses.
D) One that ensures a healthy life for their later years.
17. A) Purchase insurance fbr their children. 
C) Buy a home with a small down payment.
B) Save sufficient money for a rainy day. 
D) Add more insurance on the breadwinner.
18. A) When their children grow up and leave home.
B) When they have saved enough fbr retirement.
C) When their family move to a different place.
D) When they have found better-paying jobs.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They do more harm than good. 
C) They do not help build friendship.
B) They have often been ignored. 
D) They may not always be negative.
20. A) Biased sources of information. 
C) Misinterpretation of Shakespeare.
B) Ignorance of cultural differences. 
D) Tendency to jump to conclusions.
21. A) They are hard to dismiss once attached to a certain group.
B) They may have a negative impact on people they apply to.
C) They persist even when circumstances have changed.
D) They are often applied to minorities and ethnic people.
22. A) They impact people more or less in the same way.
B) Some people are more sensitive to them than others.
C) A positive stereotype may help one achieve better results.
D) A negative stereotype sticks while a positive one does not.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) Use some over-the-counter medicine instead.
B) Quit taking the medicine immediately.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 128 -----
C) Take some drug to relieve the side effect.
D) Ask your pharmacist to explain why it occurs.
24. A) It may help patients fall asleep. 
C) It may cause serious harm to one's liver.
B) It may lead to mental problems. 
D) It may increase the effect of certain drugs.
25. A) Tell their children to treat medicines with respect.
B) Keep medicines out of the reach of their children.
C) Make sure their children use quality medicines.
D) Ask their children to use legitimate medicines.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er S h ee t 2  with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the hank more than once.
The Pacific island nation of Palau has become home to the sixth largest marine sanctuary in the
world. The new marine reserve, now the largest in the Pacific, will 
26 
no fishing or mining. Palau
also established the world's first shark sanctuary in 2009.
The tiny island nation has set aside 500,000 square kilometres — 80 percent — of its maritime
27 
, for full protection. Thafs the highest percentage of an 
28 
economic zone devoted to
marine conservation by any country in the world. The remaining 20 percent of the Palau seas will be
reserved for local fishing by individuals and small-scale 
29 
fishing businesses with limited
exports.
u Island 
30 
have been among the hardest hit by the threats facing the ocean," said President
Tommy Remengesau Jr. in a statement. u Creating this sanctuary is a bold move that the people of Palau
recognise as 
31 
to our survival. We want to lead the way in restoring the health of the ocean for
future generations.
Palau has only been an 
32 
nation for twenty years and has a strong history of environmental
protection. It is home to one of the world's finest marine ecosystems, with more than 1,300 species of
fish and 700 species of coral.
Senator Hokkons Baules, lead 
33 
of the Palau National Marine Sanctuary Act, said the
sanctuary will “ help build a 
34 
future for the Palauan people by honoring the conservation
traditions of our past". These include the centuries-old custom of "bul", where leaders would call a
temporary stop to fishing for key species in order to give fish 
35 
an opportunity to replenish(补Q .
6 • 4

----- PAGE 129 -----
A)
allocate
I)
permit
B)
celebrities
J)
secure
C)
commercial
K)
solitary
D)
communities
L)
spectacle
E)
essential
M) sponsor
F)
exclusive
N)
stocks
G)
independent
0)
territory
H)
indulge
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er Sheet 2.
Data sharing ：
 An open mind on open data
[A] It is a movement building steady momentum: a call to make research data, software code and
experimental methods publicly available and transparent. A spirit of openness is gaining
acceptance in the science community, and is the only way, say advocates, to address a ' crisis' in
science whereby too few findings are successfully reproduced. Furthermore, they say, it is the
best way for researchers to gather the range of observations that are necessary to speed up
discoveries or to identify large-scale trends.
[B] The open-data shift poses a confusing problem for junior researchers. On the one hand, the drive
to share is gathering official steam. Since 2013, global scientific bodies have begun to back
policies that support increased public access to research. On the other hand, scientists disagree
about how much and when they should share data, and they debate whether sharing it is more
likely to accelerate science and make it more robust, or to introduce vulnerabilities and problems.
As more journals and funders adopt data-sharing requirements, and as a growing number of
enthusiasts call for more openness, junior researchers must find their place between adopters and
those who continue to hold out, even as they strive to launch their own careers.
[C] One key challenge facing young scientists is how to be open without becoming scientifically
vulnerable. They must determine the risk of jeopardizing a job offer or a collaboration proposal
from those who are wary of -  or unfamiliar with -  open science. And they must learn how to
capitalize on the movemenfs benefits, such as opportunities for more citations and a way to build a
reputation without the need for conventional metrics, such as publication in high-impact journals.
6 - 5

----- PAGE 130 -----
[D] Some fields have embraced open data more than others. Researchers in psychology, a field rocked
by findings of irreproducibility in the past few years, have been especially vocal supporters of the
drive for more-open science. A few psychology journals have created incentives to increase
interest in reproducible science -  for example, by affixing an ' open-data' badge to articles that
clearly state where data are available. According to social psychologist Brian Nosek, executive
director of the Center fbr Open Science, the average data-sharing rate for the journal
Psychological Science, which uses the badges, increased tenfold to 38% from 2013 to 2015.
[E] Funders, too, are increasingly adopting an open-data policy. Several strongly encourage, and some
require, a data-management plan that makes data available. The US National Science Foundation
is among these. Some philanthropic （慈善的）funders, including the Bill & Melinda Gates
Foundation in Seattle, Washington, and the Wellcome Trust in London, also mandate open data
from their grant recipients.
[F] But many young researchers, especially those who have not been mentored in open science, are
uncertain about whether to share or to stay private. Graduate students and postdocs, who often are
working on their lab head's grant, may have no choice if their supervisor or another senior
colleague opposes sharing.
[G] Some fear that the potential impact of sharing is too high, especially at the early stages of a
career. u Everybody has a scary story about someone getting scooped （被抢先）," says New York
University astronomer David Hogg. Those fears may be a factor in a lingering hesitation to share
data even when publishing in journals that mandate it.
[H] Researchers at small labs or at insitutions focused on teaching arguably have the most to lose
when sharing hard-won data. "With my institution and teaching load, I don't have postdocs and
grad students," says Terry McGlynn, a tropical biologist at California State University,
Dominguez Hills. "The stakes are higher fbr me to share data because ifs a bigger fraction of
whafs happening in my lab."
[I] Researchers also point to the time sink that is involved in preparing data for others to view. Once
the data and associated materials appear in a repository （存储库），answering questions and
handling complaints can take many hours.
[J] The time investment can present other problems. In some cases, says data scientist Karthik Ram, it
may be difficult for junior researchers to embrace openness when senior colleagues -  many of
whom head selection and promotion committees -  might ridicule what they may view as
misplaced energies. u Fve heard this recently -  that embracing the idea of open data and code
makes traditional academics uncomfortable,v says Ram. " The concern seems to be that open
advocates don't spend their time being as productive as possible."
6 • 6

----- PAGE 131 -----
[K] An open-science stance can also add complexity to a collaboration. Kate Ratliff, who studies
social attitudes at the University of Florida, Gainesville, says that it can seem as if there are two
camps in a field — those who care about open science and those who don't. "There's a new area
to navigate — ' Are you cool with the fact that ril want to make the data open?）
 一 when
talking with somebody about an interesting research idea,“ she says.
[L] Despite complications and concerns, the upsides of sharing can be significant. For example, when
information is uploaded to a repository, a digital object identifier （DOI） is assigned. Scientists can
use a DOI to publish each step of the research life cycle, not just the final paper. In so doing, they
can potentially get three citations — one each for the data and software, in addition to the paper
itself. And although some say that citations fbr software or data have little currency in academia,
they can have other benefits.
[M] Many advocates think that transparent data procedures with a date and time stamp will protect
scientists from being scooped. "This is the sweet spot between sharing and getting credit for it,
while discouraging plagiarism （票J 窃）says Ivo Grigorov, a project coordinator at the National
Institute of Aquatic Resources Research Secretariat in Charlottenlund, Denmark. Hogg says that
scooping is less of a problem than many think. u The two cases I'm familiar with didn't involve
open data or code,“ he says.
[N] Open science also offers junior researchers the chance to level the playing field by gaining better
access to crucial data. Ross Mounce, a postdoc studying evolutionary biology at the University of
Cambridge, UK, is a vocal champion of open science, partly because his fossil-based research
depends on access to others5 data. He says that more openness in science could help to discourage
what some perceive as a common practice of shutting out early-career scientists, requests for data.
[O] Communication also helps for those who worry about jeopardizing a collaboration, he says.
Concerns about open science should be discussed at the outset of a study. " Whenever you start a
project with someone, you have to establish a clear understanding of expectations for who owns
the data, at what point they go public and who can do what with them," he says.
[P] In the end, sharing data, software and materials with colleagues can help an early-career
researcher to gain recognition — a crucial component of success. 41 The thing you are searching
fbr is reputation," says Titus Brown, a genomics （基因组学）researcher at the University of
California, Davis. " To get grants and jobs, you have to be relevant and achieve some level of
public recognition. Anything you do that advances your presence -  especially in a larger sphere,
outside the communities you know -  is a net win."
36. Astronomer David Hogg doesn't think scooping is as serious a problem as generally thought.
6 - 7

----- PAGE 132 -----
37. Some researchers are hesitant to make their data public for fear that others might publish
something similar before them.
38. Some psychology journals have offered incentives to encourage authors to share their data.
39. There is a growing demand in the science community that research data be open to the public.
40. Sharing data offers early-career researchers the chance to build a certain level of reputation.
41. Data sharing enables scientists to publish each step of their research work, thus leading to more
citations.
42. Scientists hold different opinions about the extent and timing of data sharing.
43. Potential problems related to data sharing should be made known to and discussed by all
participants at the beginning of a joint research project.
44. Sharing data and handling data-related issues can be time-consuming.
45. Junior researchers may have no say when it comes to sharing data.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
In the beginning of the movie /, Robot, a robot has to decide whom to save after two cars plunge
into the water- Del Spooner or a child. Even though Spooner screams u Save her! Save her!” the robot
rescues him because it calculates that he has a 45 percent chance of survival compared to Sarah's 11
percent. The robofs decision and its calculated approach raise an important question: would humans
make the same choice? And which choice would we want our robotic counterparts to make?
Isaac Asimov evaded the whole notion of morality in devising his three laws of robotics, which
hold that 1. Robots cannot harm humans or allow humans to come to harm; 2. Robots must obey
humans, except where the order would conflict with law 1; and 3. Robots must act in self­
preservation, unless doing so conflicts with laws 1 or 2. These laws are programmed into Asimov's
robots- they don't have to think, judge, or value. They don't have to like humans or believe that
6 • 8

----- PAGE 133 -----
hurting them is wrong or bad. They simply don't do it.
The robot who rescues Spoonefs life in I, Robot follows Asimov's zeroth law: robots cannot harm
humanity (as opposed to individual humans) or allow humanity to come to harm- an expansion of the
first law that allows robots to determine whafs in the greater good. Under the first law, a robot could
not harm a dangerous gunman, but under the zeroth law, a robot could kill the gunman to save others.
Whether ifs possible to program a robot with safeguards such as Asimov's laws is debatable. A
word such as "harm" is vague (what about emotional harm? Is replacing a human employee harm?),
and abstract concepts present coding problems. The robots in Asimov's fiction expose complications
and loopholes in the three laws, and even when the laws work, robots still have to assess situations.
Assessing situations can be complicated. A robot has to identify the players, conditions, and
possible outcomes for various scenarios. It's doubtful that a computer program can do that- at least,
not without some undesirable results. A roboticist at the Bristol Robotics Laboratory programmed a
robot to save human proxies (替身)called "H-bots" from danger. When one H-bot headed fbr
danger, the robot successfully pushed it out of the way. But when two H-bots became imperiled, the
robot choked 42 percent of the time, unable to decide which to save and letting them both "die." The
experiment highlights the importance of morality: without it, how can a robot decide whom to save or
what's best for humanity, especially if it can't calculate survival odds?
46. What question does the example in the movie raise?
A) Whether robots can reach better decisions. 
C) How robots may make bad judgments.
B) Whether robots follow Asimov's zeroth law. 
D) How robots should be programmed.
47. What does the author think of Asimov's three laws of robotics?
A) They are apparently divorced from reality.
B) They did not follow the coding system of robotics.
C) They laid a solid foundation fbr robotics.
D) They did not take moral issues into consideration.
48. What does the author say about Asimov's robots?
A) They know what is good or bad fbr human beings.
B) They are programmed not to hurt human beings.
C) They perform duties in their owners5 best interest.
D) They stop working when a moral issue is involved.
49. What does the author want to say by mentioning the word "harm" in Asimov's laws?
A) Abstract concepts are hard to program.
B) It is hard for robots to make decisions.
C) Robots may do harm in certain situations.
D) Asimov's laws use too many vague terms.
6 - 9

----- PAGE 134 -----
50. What has the roboticist at the Bristol Robotics Laboratory found in his experiment?
A) Robots can be made as intelligent as human beings some day.
B) Robots can have moral issues encoded into their programs.
C) Robots can have trouble making decisions in complex scenarios.
D) Robots can be programmed to perceive potential perils.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Our world now moves so fast that we seldom stop to see just how far we have come in just a
few years. The latest iPhone 6s, for example, has a dual-core processor and fits nicely into your
pocket. By comparison, you would expect to find a technological specification like this on your
standard laptop in an office anywhere in the world.
Ifs no wonder that new applications fbr the Internet of Things are moving ahead fast when
almost every new device we buy has a plug on the end of it or a wireless connection to the internet.
Soon, our current smartphone lifestyle will expand to create our own smart home lifestyle too.
All researches agree that close to 25 billion devices, things and sensors will be connected by 2020
which incidentally is also the moment that Millennials (千禧一代)are expected to make up 75 percent
of our overall workforce, and the fully connected home will become a reality for large numbers of
people worldwide.
However, this is just the tip of the proverbial iceberg as smart buildings and even cities
increasingly become the norm as leaders and business owners begin to wake up to the massive
savings that technology can deliver through connected sensors and new forms of automation coupled
with intelligent energy and fecilities management.
Online security cameras, intelligent lighting and a wealth of sensors that control both temperature
and air quality are offering an unprecedented level of control, efficiency, and improvements to what
were once classed necessary costs when running a business or managing a large building.
We can expect that the ever-growing list of devices, systems and environments remain
connected, always online and talking to each other. The big benefit will not only be in the housing of
this enormous and rapidly growing amount of data, but will also be in the ability to run real time data
analytics to extract actionable and ongoing knowledge.
The biggest and most exciting challenge of this technology is how to creatively leverage this
ever-growing amount of data to deliver cost savings, improvements and tangible benefits to both
businesses and citizens of these smart cities.
The good news is that most of this technology is already invented. Lefs face it, it wasn't too
long ago that the idea of working from anywhere and at anytime was some form of a distant utopian
(乌托邦式的)dream, and yet now we can perform almost any office-based task from any location in
the world as long as we have access to the internet.
Ifs time to wake up to the fact that making smart buildings, cities and homes will dramatically
improve our quality of life in the years ahead.
6 - 10

----- PAGE 135 -----
51. What does the example of iPhone 6s serve to show?
A) The huge capacity of the smartphones people now use.
B) The widespread use of smartphones all over the world.
C) The huge impact of new technology on people's everyday life.
D) The rapid technological progress in a very short period of time.
52. What can we expect to see by the year 2020?
A) Apps for the Internet of Things. 
C) The emergence of Millennials.
B) The popularization of smart homes. 
D) Total globalization of the world.
53. What will business owners do when they become aware of the benefits of the Internet of Things?
A) Employ fewer workers in their operations.
B) Gain automatic control of their businesses.
C) Invest in more smart buildings and cities.
D) Embrace whatever new technology there is.
54. What is the most exciting challenge when we possess more and more data?
A) How to turn it to profitable use. 
C) How to link the actionable systems.
B) How to do real time data analysis. 
D) How to devise new ways to store it.
55. What does the author think about working from anywhere and at anytime?
A) It is feasible with a connection to the internet.
B) It will thrive in smart buildings, cities and homes.
C) It is still a distant utopian dream for ordinary workers.
D) It will deliver tangible benefits to both boss and worker.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
青海湖位于海拔3,205米、青海省省会西宁以西约100公里处，是中国最大的咸水湖，面积
4,317平方公里,最深处25.5米。有2 3 条河注入湖中，其中大部分是季节性的。百分之八十的
湖水源于五条主要河流。青海湖位于跨越亚洲的几条候鸟迁徙路线的交叉处。许多鸟类把青
海湖作为迁徙过程中的暂息地。湖的西侧是著名的“鸟岛”，吸引着来自全世界各地的观鸟者。
每年夏天，游客们也来这里观看国际自行车比赛。
6 • 11

----- PAGE 136 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay commenting on the saying
“Seek to understand others, and you will be understood. " You can cite examples to
illustrate your views. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 137 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2017年12月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 138 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
$ 
特别说明 
分
l 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
I
I 第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » ^
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than
once.
Many European countries have been making the shift to electric vehicles and Germany has just
stated that they plan to ban the sale of vehicles using gasoline and diesel as fuel by 2030. The country
is also planning to reduce its carbon footprint by 80-95% by 2050, 
26 
a shift to green energy in
the country. Efifectively, the ban will include the registration of new cars in the country as they will
not allow any gasoline 
27 
vehicle to be registered after 2030.
Part of the reason this ban is being discussed and 
28 
is because energy officials see that
they will not reach their emissions goals by 2050 if they do not 
29 
a large portion of vehicle
emissions. The country is still 
30 
that it will meet its emissions goals, like reducing emissions by
40% by 2020, but the 
3 1 
of electric cars in the country has not occurred as fast as expected.
Other efforts to increase the use of electric vehicles include plans to build over 1 million hybrid
and electric car battery charging stations across the country. By 2030, Germany plans on having over
6 million charging stations 
32 
According to the International Business Times, electric car sales
are expected to increase as Volkswagen is still recovering from its emissions scandal.
There are 
33 
around 155,000 registered hybrid and electric vehicles on German roads,
dwarfed by the 45 million gasoline and diesel cars driving there now. As countries continue setting
goals of reducing emissions, greater steps need to be taken to have a 
34 
effect on the
surrounding environment. While the efforts are certainly not 
35 
, the results of such bans will
likely only start to be seen by generations down the line, bettering the world for the future.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 139 -----
A)
acceptance
I)
incidentally
B)
currently
J)
installed
C)
disrupting
K)
noticeable
D)
eliminate
L)
powered
E)
exhaust
M) restoration
F)
futile
N)
skeptical
G)
hopeful
0)
sparking
H)
implemented
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Apple's Stance Highlights a More Confrontational Tech Industry
[A] The battle between Apple and law enforcement officials over unlocking a terrorists smartphone is
the culmination of a slow turning of the tables between the technology industry and the United
States government.
[B] After revelations by the former National Security Agency contractor Edward J Snowden in 2013
that the government both cozied up to (讨好)certain tech companies and hacked into others to
gain access to private data on an enormous scale, tech giants began to recognize the United States
government as a hostile actor. But if the confrontation has crystallized in this latest battle, it may
already be heading toward a predictable conclusion: In the long run, the tech companies are
destined to emerge victorious.
[C] It may not seem that way at the moment. On the one side, you have the United States
governmenfs mighty legal and security apparatus fighting for data of the most sympathetic sort:
the secrets buried in a dead mass murderefs phone. The action stems from a federal court order
issued on Tuesday requiring Apple to help the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) to unlock an
iPhone used by one of the two attackers who killed 14 people in San Bernardino, California, in
December.
[D] In the other corner is the world's most valuable company, whose chief executive, Timothy Cook,
has said he will appeal the court's order. Apple argues that it is fighting to preserve a principle
that most of us who are addicted to our smartphones can defend: Weaken a single iPhone so that
6 • 2

----- PAGE 140 -----
its contents can be viewed by the American government and you risk weakening all iPhones fbr
any government intruder, anywhere.
[E] There will probably be months of legal confrontation, and it is not at all clear which side will
prevail in court, nor in the battle fbr public opinion and legislative favor. Yet underlying all of this
is a simple dynamic: Apple, Google, Facebook and other companies hold most of the cards in this
confrontation. They have our data, and their businesses depend on the global public's collective
belief that they will do everything they can to protect that data.
[F] Any crack in that front could be fatal fbr tech companies that must operate worldwide. If Apple is
forced to open up an iPhone for an American law enforcement investigation, what is to prevent it
from doing so fbr a request from the Russians or the Iranians? If Apple is forced to write code
that lets the FBI get into the iPhone 5c used by Syed Rizwan Farook, the male attacker in the San
Bernardino attack, who would be responsible if some hacker got hold of that code and broke into
its other devices?
[G] Apple's stance on these issues emerged post-Snowden, when the company started putting in place
a series of technologies that, by default, make use of encryption （力口密）to limit access to people's
data. More than that, Apple — and, in different ways, other tech companies, including Google,
Facebook, Twitter and Microsoft — have made their opposition to the governmenfs claims a
point of corporate pride.
[H] Apple's emerging global brand is privacy; it has staked its corporate reputation, not to mention the
investment of considerable technical and financial resources, on limiting the sort of mass
surveillance that was uncovered by Mr. Snowden. So now, for many cases involving governmental
intrusions into data, once-lonely privacy advocates find themselves fighting alongside the most
powerful company in the world.
[I] "A comparison point is in the 1990s battles over encryption,v said Kurt Opsahl, general counsel
of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a privacy watchdog group. "Then you had a few companies
involved, but not one of the largest companies in the world coming out with a lengthy
and impassioned post, like we saw yesterday from Timothy Cook. Its profile has really
been raised.n
[J] Apple and other tech companies hold another ace: the technical means to keep making their
devices more and more inaccessible. Note that Apple's public opposition to the governmenfs
request is itself a hindrance to mass government intrusion. And to get at the contents of a single
iPhone, the government says it needs a court order and Apple's help to write new code; in earlier
versions of the iPhone, ones that were created before Apple found religion on （热衷于）privacy,
the FBI might have been able to break into the device by itself.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 141 -----
[K] You can expect that noose （束缚）to continue to tighten. Experts said that whether or not Apple
loses this specific case, measures that it could put into place in the future will almost certainly be
able to further limit the governments reach.
[L] That is not to say that the outcome of the San Bernardino case is insignificant. As Apple and
several security experts have argued, an order compelling Apple to write software that gives the
FBI access to the iPhone in question would establish an unsettling precedent. The order essentially
asks Apple to hack its own devices, and once it is in place, the precedent could be used to justify
law enforcement efforts to get around encryption technologies in other investigations far removed
from national security threats.
[M] Once armed with a method fbr gaining access to iPhones, the government could ask to use it
proactively （先发制人地），before a suspected terrorist attack — leaving Apple in a bind as to
whether to comply or risk an attack and suffer a public-relations nightmare. u This is a brand-
new move in the war against encryption,v Mr. Opsahl said. u We have had plenty of debates in
Congress and the media over whether the government should have a backdoor, and this is an end,
run （迂回战术）around that — here they come with an order to create that backdoor."
[N] Yet it is worth noting that even if Apple ultimately loses this case, it has plenty of technical
means to close a backdoor over time. 44 If they are anywhere near worth their salt as engineers, I
bet they are rethinking their threat model as we speak,n said Jonathan Zdziarski, a digital expert
who studies the iPhone and its vulnerabilities.
[O] One relatively simple fix, Mr. Zdziarski said, would be fbr Apple to modify future versions of the
iPhone to require a user to enter a passcode before the phone will accept the sort of modified
operating system that the FBI wants Apple to create. That way, Apple could not unilaterally
introduce a code that weakens the iPhone 一 a user would have to consent to it.
[P] u Nothing is 100 percent hacker-proof,,T Mr. Zdziarski said, but he pointed out that the judge's
order in this case required Apple to provide u reasonable security assistance ” to unlock Mr.
Farook's phone. If Apple alters the security model of future iPhones so that even its own
engineers7 44reasonable assistance" will not be able to crack a given device when compelled by
the government, a precedent set in this case might lose its lasting force. In other words, even if the
FBI wins this case, in the long run, it loses.
36. It is a popular belief that tech companies are committed to protecting their customers, private data.
37. The US government believes that its access to people's iPhones could be used to prevent terrorist
attacks.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 142 -----
38. A federal court asked Apple to help the FBI access data in a terrorisfs iPhone.
39. Privacy advocates now have Apple fighting alongside them against government access to personal
data.
40. Snowden revealed that the American government had tried hard to access private data on a
massive scale.
41. The FBI might have been able to access private data in earlier iPhones without Apple's help.
42. After the Snowden incident, Apple made clear its position to counter government intrusion into
personal data by means of encryption.
43. According to one digital expert, no iPhone can be entirely free from hacking.
44. Timothy Cook's long web post has helped enhance Apple's image.
45. Apple's CEO has decided to appeal the federal court's order to unlock a user's iPhone.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
At the base of a mountain in Tanzania's Gregory Rift, Lake Natron burns bright red, surrounded
by the remains of animals that were unfortunate enough to fall into the salty water. Bats, swallows
and more are chemically preserved in the pose in which they perished, sealed in the deposits of
sodium carbonate in the water. The lake's landscape is bizarre and deadly 一 and made even more so
by the fact that ifs the place where nearly 75 percent of the world's flamingos (火烈、鸟)are born.
The water is so corrosive that it can burn the skin and eyes of unadapted animals. Flamingos,
however, are the only species that actually makes life in the midst of all that death. Once every three
or four years, when conditions are right, the lake is covered with the pink birds as they stop flight to
breed. Three-quarters of the world's flamingos fly over from other salt lakes in the Rift Valley and
nest on salt-crystal islands that appear when the water is at a specific level -  too high and the birds
can't build their nests, too low and predators can move briskly across the lake bed and attack. When
the water hits the right level, the baby birds are kept safe from predators by a corrosive ditch.
6 - 5

----- PAGE 143 -----
“Flamingos have evolved very leathery skin on their legs so they can tolerate the salt water/ says
David Harper, a professor at the University of Leicester. u Humans cannot, and would die if their legs
were exposed for any length of time." So far this year, water levels have been too high for the
flamingos to nest.
Some fish, too, have had limited success vacationing at the lake as less salty lagoons (泻:胡)form
on the outer edges from hot springs flowing into Lake Natron. Three species of tilapia (罗 mE 鱼)
thrive there part-time. u Fish have a refuge in the streams and can expand into the lagoons when the
lake is low and the lagoons are separate/' Harper said. 41 All the lagoons join when the lake is high
and fish must retreat to their stream refuges or die." Otherwise, no fish are able to survive in the
naturally toxic lake.
This unique ecosystem may soon be under pressure. The Tanzanian government has once again
started mining the lake fbr soda ash, used for making chemicals, glass and detergents. Although the
planned operation will be located more than 40 miles away, drawing the soda ash in through
pipelines, conservationists worry it could still upset the natural water cycle and breeding grounds. For
now, though, life prevails -  even in a lake that kills almost everything it touches.
46. What can we learn about Lake Natron?
A) It is simply uninhabitable fbr most animals.
B) It remains little known to the outside world.
C) It is a breeding ground for a variety of birds.
D) It makes an ideal habitat fbr lots of predators.
47. Flamingos nest only when the lake water is at a specific level so that their babies c
a
n
.
A) find safe shelter more easily 
C) stay away from predators
B) grow thick feathers on their feet 
D) get accustomed to the salty water
48. Flamingos in the Rift Valley are unique in t
h
a
t
.
A) they can move swiftly across lagoons 
C) they breed naturally in corrosive ditches
B) they can survive well in salty water 
D) they know where and when to nest
49. Why can certain species of tilapia sometimes survive around Lake Natron?
A) They can take refuge in the less salty waters.
B) They can flee quick enough from predators.
C) They can move freely from lagoon to lagoon.
D) They can stand the heat of the spring water.
50. What may be the consequence of Tanzanian governmenfs planned operation?
A) The accelerated extinction of flamingos.
B) The change of flamingos' migration route.
C) The overmining of Lake Natron's soda ash.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 144 -----
D) The disruption of Lake Natron's ecosystem.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
It is the season for some frantic last-minute math 一 across the country, employees of all stripes
are counting backward in an attempt to figure out just how much paid time-off they have left in their
reserves. More of them, though, will skip those calculations altogether and just power through the
holidays into 2017: More than half of American workers don't use up all of their allotted vacation days
each year.
Not so long ago, people would have turned up their noses at that kind of dedication to the job.
As marketing professors Silvia Bellezza, Neeru Paharia, and Anat Keinan recently explained in
Harvard Business Review ( HBR), leisure time was once seen as an indicator of high social status,
something attainable only for those at the top. Since the middle of the 20th century, though, things
have turned the opposite way -  these days, punishing hours at your desk, rather than days oflf, are
seen as the mark of someone important.
In a series of several experiments, the researchers illustrated just how much we've come to
admire busyness, or at least the appearance of it. Volunteers read two passages, one about a man who
led a life of leisure and another about a man who was over-worked and over-scheduled; when asked
to determine which of the two had a higher social status, the majority of the participants said the
latter. The same held true for people who used products that implied they were short on time: In one
experiment, for example, customers of the grocery-delivery service Peapod were seen as of higher
status than people who shopped at grocery stores that were equally expensive; in another, people
wearing wireless headphones were considered further up on the social ladder than those wearing
regular headphones, even when both were just used to listen to music.
In part, the authors wrote in HBR, this pattern may have to do with the way work itself has
changed over the past several decades.
We think that the shift from leisure-as-status to busyness-as-status may be linked to the
development of knowledge-intensive economies. In such economies, individuals who possess the
human capital characteristics that employers or clients value (e.g. , competence and ambition) are
expected to be in high demand and short supply on the job market. Thus, by telling others that we are
busy and working all the time, we are implicitly suggesting that we are sought after, which enhances
our perceived status.
Even if you feel tempted to sacrifice your own vacation days fbr feke busyness, though, at least
consider leaving your weekends unscheduled. Ifs for your own good.
51. What do most employees plan to do towards the end of the year?
A) Go for a vacation. 
C) Set an objective for next year.
B) Keep on working. 
D) Review the year's achievements.
6 - 7

----- PAGE 145 -----
52. How would people view dedication to work in the past?
A) They would regard it as a matter of course.
B) They would consider it a must for success.
C) They would look upon it with contempt.
D) They would deem it a trick of businessmen.
53. What did the researchers find through a series of experiments?
A) The busier one appears, the more respect one earns.
B) The more one works, the more one feels exploited.
C) The more knowledge one has, the more competent one will be.
D) The higher one's status, the more vacation time one will enjoy.
54. What may account fbr the change of people's attitude towards being busy?
A) The fast pace of life in modern society.
B) The fierce competition in the job market.
C) The widespread use of computer technology.
D) The role of knowledge in modern economy.
55. What does the author advise us to do at the end of the passage?
A) Schedule our time properly for efficiency.
B) Plan our weekends in a meaningful way.
C) Find time to relax however busy we are.
D) Avoid appearing busy when we are not.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
洞庭湖位于湖南省东北部，面积很大,但湖水很浅。洞庭湖是长江的蓄洪池,湖的大小很大
程度上取决于季节变化。湖北和湖南两省因其与湖的相对位置而得名：湖北意为“湖的北边”，
而湖南则为“湖的南边”。洞庭湖作为龙舟赛的发源地，在中国文化中享有盛名。据说龙舟赛
始于洞庭湖东岸，为的是搜寻楚国爱国诗人屈原的遗体。龙舟赛与洞庭湖及周边的美景，每年
都吸引着成千上万来自全国和世界各地的游客。
6 - 8

----- PAGE 146 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay commenting on the saying
“Help others, and you will be helped when you are in need.v You can cite
examples to illustrate your views. You should write at least 150 words but no more than
200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 147 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2018年6 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 148 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation,
you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken
only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked 4),5), C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) It is a typical salad.
B) It is a Spanish soup.
2. A) To make it thicker.
B) To make it more nutritious.
C) It is a weird vegetable.
D) It is a kind of spicy food.
C) To add to its appeal.
D) To replace an ingredient.
3. A) It contains very little fat.
B) It uses olive oil in cooking.
4. A) It does not go stale for two years.
B) It takes no special skill to prepare.
C) It uses no artificial additives.
D) It is mainly made of vegetables.
C) It comes from a special kind of pig.
D) It is a delicacy blended with bread.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They come in a great variety.
B) They do not make decent gifts.
6. A) $30-$40, 
B) $40-$50.
C) They do not vary much in price.
D) They go well with Italian food.
C) $50-$60, 
D) Around $ 150.
7. A) They are a healthy choice for elderly people.
B) They are especially popular among Italians.
C) They symbolize good health and longevity.
D) They go well with different kinds of food.
8. A) It is a wine imported from California.
B) It is less spicy than all other red wines.
C) It is far more expensive than he expected.
D) It is Italy's most famous type of red wine.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 149 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h eet
1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Learning others, secrets.
B) Searching for information.
C) Decoding secret messages.
D) Spreading sensational news.
10. A) They helped the U.S. army in World War II.
B) They could write down spoken codes promptly.
C) They were assigned to decode enemy messages.
D) They were good at breaking enemy secret codes.
11. A) Important battles fought in the Pacific War.
B) Decoding of secret messages in war times.
C) A military code that was never broken.
D) Navajo Indians5 contribution to code breaking.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) All services will be personalized.
B) A lot of knowledge-intensive jobs will be replaced.
C) Technology will revolutionize all sectors of industry.
D) More information will be available.
13. A) In the robotics industry.
B) In the information service.
C) In the personal care sector.
D) In high-end manufacturing.
14. A) They charge high prices.
B) They need lots of training.
C) They cater to the needs of young people.
D) They focus on customers7 specific needs.
15. A) The rising demand in education and healthcare in the next 20 years.
B) The disruption caused by technology in traditionally well-paid jobs.
C) The tremendous changes new technology will bring to people's lives.
D) The amazing amount of personal attention people would like to have.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 150 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It was the longest road in ancient Egypt.
B) It was constructed some 500 years ago.
C) It lay 8 miles from the monument sites.
D) It linked a stone pit to some waterways.
17. A) Saws used for cutting stone.
B) Traces left by early explorers.
C) An ancient geographical map.
D) Some stone tool segments.
18. A) To transport stones to block floods.
B) To provide services for the stone pit.
C) To link the various monument sites.
D) To connect the villages along the Nile.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Dr. Gong didn,t give him any conventional tests.
B) Dr. Gong marked his office with a hand-painted sign.
C) Dr. Gong didn't ask him any questions about his pain.
D) Dr. Gong slipped in needles where he felt no pain.
20. A) He had heard of the wonders acupuncture could work.
B) Dr Gong was very famous in New York's Chinatown.
C) Previous medical treatments failed to relieve his pain.
D) He found the expensive medical tests unaffordable.
21. A) More and more patients ask fbr the treatment.
B) Acupuncture techniques have been perfected.
C) It doesn't need the conventional medical tests.
D) It does not have any negative side effects.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) They were on the verge of breaking up.
B) They were compatible despite differences.
C) They quarreled a lot and never resolved their arguments.
D) They argued persistently about whether to have children.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 151 -----
23. A) Neither of them has any brothers or sisters.
B) Neither of them won their parents, favor.
C) They weren't spoiled in their childhood.
D) They didn't like to be the apple of their parents, eyes.
24. A) They are usually good at making friends.
B) They tend to be adventurous and creative.
C) They are often content with what they have.
D) They tend to be self-assured and responsible.
25. A) They enjoy making friends. 
C) They are least likely to take initiative.
B) They tend to be well adjusted. 
D) They usually have successful marriages.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word
for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read
the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is
identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er
Sh eet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in. the
bank more than once.
Scientists scanning and mapping the Giza pyramids say they've discovered that the Great
Pyramid of Giza is not exactly even. But really not by much. This pyramid is the oldest of the world's
Seven Wonders. The pyramid's exact size has 
26 
experts for centuries, as the “ more than 21
acres of hard, white casing stonesn that originally covered it were 
27 
long ago. Reporting in the
most recent issue of the newsletter “ AERAGRAM,“ which 
28 
the work of the Ancient Egypt
Research Associates, engineer Glen Dash says his team used a new measuring approach that involved
finding any surviving 
29 
of the casing in order to determine where the original edge was. They
found the east side of the pyramid to be a 
30 
of 5.5 inches shorter than the west side.
The question that most 
31 
him, however, isn't how the Egyptians who designed and built the
pyramid got it wrong 4, 500 years ago, but how they got it so close to 
32 
. u We can only speculate
as to how the Egyptians could have laid out these lines with such 
33 
using only the tools they
had," Dash writes. He says his 
34 
is that the Egyptians laid out their design on a grid, noting that
the great pyramid is oriented only 
35 
away from the cardinal directions (its north-south axis runs 3
minutes 54 seconds west of due north, while its east-west axis runs 3 minutes 51 seconds north of due
east) — an amount thafs "tiny, but similar/5 archeologist Atlas Obscura points out.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 152 -----
A) chronicles
I) perfect
B) complete
J) precision
C) established
K) puzzled
D) fascinates
L) remnants
E) hypothesis
M) removed
F) maximum
N) revelations
G) momentum
H) mysteriously
0) slightly
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the
paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more
than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking
the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 2.
Peer Pressure Has a Positive Side
[A] Parents of teenagers often view their children's friends with something like suspicion. They worry
that the adolescent peer group has the power to push its members into behavior that is foolish and
even dangerous. Such wariness is well founded: statistics show, for example, that a teenage driver
with a same-age passenger in the car is at higher risk of a fatal crash than an adolescent driving
alone or with an adult.
[B] In a 2005 study, psychologist Laurence Steinberg of Temple University and his co-author,
psychologist Margo Gardner, then at Temple, divided 306 people into three age groups: young
adolescents, with a mean age of 14; older adolescents, with a mean age of 19; and adults, aged 24
and older. Subjects played a computerized driving game in which the player must avoid crashing
into a wall that materializes, without warning, on the roadway. Steinberg and Gardner randomly
assigned some participants to play alone or with two same-age peers looking on.
[C] Older adolescents scored about 50 percent higher on an index of risky driving when their peers
were in the room- and the driving of early adolescents was fully twice as reckless when other
young teens were around. In contrast, adults behaved in similar ways regardless of whether they
were on their own or observed by others. 11 The presence of peers makes adolescents and youth,
but not adults, more likely to take risks,“ Steinberg and Gardner concluded.
[D] Yet in the years following the publication of this study, Steinberg began to believe that this
interpretation did not capture the whole picture. As he and other researchers examined the
6 - 5

----- PAGE 153 -----
question of why teens were more apt to take risks in the company of other teenagers, they came
to suspect that a crowd's influence need not always be negative. Now some experts are proposing
that we should take advantage of the teen brain's keen sensitivity to the presence of friends and
leverage it to improve education.
[E] In a 2011 study, Steinberg and his colleagues turned to functional MRI (磁共振)to investigate
how the presence of peers affects the activity in the adolescent brain. They scanned the brains of
40 teens and adults who were playing a virtual driving game designed to test whether players
would brake at a yellow light or speed on through the crossroad.
[F] The brains of teenagers, but not adults, showed greater activity in two regions associated with
rewards when they were being observed by same-age peers than when alone. In other words,
rewards are more intense fbr teens when they are with peers, which motivates them to pursue
higher-risk experiences that might bring a big payoff (such as the thrill of just making the light
before it turns red). But Steinberg suspected this tendency could also have its advantages. In his
latest experiment, published online in August, Steinberg and his colleagues used a computerized
version of a card game called the Iowa Gambling Task to investigate how the presence of peers
affects the way young people gather and apply information.
[G] The results: Teens who played the Iowa Gambling Task under the eyes of fellow adolescents
engaged in more exploratory behavior, learned faster from both positive and negative outcomes,
and achieved better performance on the task than those who played in solitude. u What our study
suggests is that teenagers learn more quickly and more effectively when their peers are present
than when they're on their own,“ Steinberg says. And this finding could have important
implications for how we think about educating adolescents.
[H] Matthew D. Lieberman, a social cognitive neuroscientist at the University of California, Los
Angeles, and author of the 2013 book Social ：
 Why Our Brains Are Wired to Connect, suspects that
the human brain is especially skillful at learning socially significant information. He points to a
classic 2004 study in which psychologists at Dartmouth College and Harvard University used
functional MRI to track brain activity in 17 young men as they listened to descriptions of people
while concentrating on either socially relevant cues (for example, trying to form an impression of
a person based on the description) or more socially neutral information (such as noting the order
of details in the description). The descriptions were the same in each condition, but people could
better remember these statements when given a social motivation.
[I] The study also found that when subjects thought about and later recalled descriptions in terms of
their informational content, regions associated with factual memory, such as the medial temporal
lobe, became active. But thinking about or remembering descriptions in terms of their social
meaning activated the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex- part of the brain's social network- even as
6 • 6

----- PAGE 154 -----
traditional memory regions registered low levels of activity. More recently, as he reported in a
2012 review, Lieberman has discovered that this region may be part of a distinct network
involved in socially motivated learning and memory. Such findings, he says, suggest that u this
network can be called on to process and store the kind of information taught in school一
potentially giving students access to a range of untapped mental powers."
[J] If humans are generally geared to recall details about one another, this pattern is probably even
more powerful among teenagers who are very attentive to social details: who is in, who is out,
who likes whom, who is mad at whom. Their desire for social drama is not- or not only—a way
of distracting themselves from their school work or of driving adults crazy. It is actually a
neurological （不申经的）sensitivity, initiated by hormonal changes. Evolutionarily speaking, people
in this age group are at a stage in which they can prepare to find a mate and start their own
family while separating from parents and striking out on their own. To do this successfully, their
brain prompts them to think and even obsess about others.
[K] Yet our schools focus primarily on students as individual entities. What would happen if
educators instead took advantage of the fact that teens are powerfully compelled to think in social
terms? In Social, Lieberman lays out a number of ways to do so. History and English could be
presented through the lens of the psychological drives of the people involved. One could
therefore present Napoleon in terms of his desire to impress or Churchill in terms of his lonely
gloom. Less inherently interpersonal subjects, such as math, could acquire a social aspect through
team problem solving and peer tutoring. Research shows that when we absorb information in
order to teach it to someone else, we learn it more accurately and deeply, perhaps in part because
we are engaging our social cognition.
[L] And although anxious parents may not welcome the notion, educators could turn adolescent
recklessness to academic ends. u Risk taking in an educational context is a vital skill that enables
progress and creativity,n wrote Sarah-Jayne Blakemore, a cognitive neuroscientist at University
College London, in a review published last year. Yet, she noted, many young people are
especially unwilling to take risks at school- afraid that one low test score or poor grade could
cost them a spot at a selective university. We should assure such students that risk, and even peer
pressure, can be a good thing- as long as it happens in the classroom and not in the car.
36. It is thought probable that the human brain is particularly good at picking up socially important
information.
37. It can be concluded from experiments that the presence of peers increases risk-taking by
adolescents and youth.
38. Students should be told that risk-taking in the classroom can be something positive.
6 - 7

----- PAGE 155 -----
39. The urge of finding a mate and getting married accounts for adolescents5 greater attention to social
interactions.
40. According to Steinberg, the presence of peers increases the speed and eflectiveness of teenagers,
learning.
41. Teenagers5 parents are often concerned about negative peer influence.
42. Activating the brain's social network involved in socially motivated learning and memory may
allow students to tap unused mental powers.
43. The presence of peers intensifies the feeling of rewards in teens' brains.
44. When we absorb information for the purpose of imparting it to others, we do so with greater
accuracy and depth.
45. Some experts are suggesting that we turn peer influence to good use in education.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C)
and D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on
A n sw er S h e e t 2  with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The Ebro Delta, in Spain, famous as a battleground during the Spanish Civil War, is now the
setting for a different contest, one that is pitting rice farmers against two enemies: the rice-eating giant
apple snail, and rising sea levels. What happens here will have a bearing on the future of European
rice production and the overall health of southern European wetlands.
Located on the Mediterranean just two hours south of Barcelona, the Ebro Delta produces 120 million
kilograms of rice a year, making it one of the continents most important rice-growing areas. As the sea
creeps into these fresh-water marshes, however, rising salinity (盐分)is hampering rice production. At the
same time, this sea-water also kills off the greedy giant apple snail, an introduced pest that feeds on young
rice plants. The most promising strategy has become to harness one foe against the other.
The battle is currently being waged on land, in greenhouses at the University of Barcelona.
Scientists working under the banner " Project Neurice" are seeking varieties of rice that can withstand
the increasing salinity without losing the absorbency that makes European rice ideal for traditional
Spanish and Italian dishes.
6 - 8

----- PAGE 156 -----
“The project has two sides/' says Xavier Serrat, Neurice project manager and researcher at the
University of Barcelona, “the short-term fight against the snail, and a mid- to long-term fight against
climate change. But the snail has given the project greater urgency.n
Originally from South America, the snails were accidentally introduced into the Ebro Delta by
Global Aquatic Technologies, a company that raised the snails for fresh-water aquariums (水方宾馆),
but failed to prevent their escape. For now, the giant apple snaiFs presence in Europe is limited to the
Ebro Delta. But the snail continues its march to new territory, says S err at. " The question is not
whether it will reach other rice-growing areas of Europe, but when."
Over the next year and a half investigators will test the various strains of salt-tolerant rice
they've bred. In 2018, farmers will plant the varieties with the most promise in the Ebro Delta and
Europe's other two main rice-growing regions- along the Po in Italy, and France's Rhone. A season
in the field will help determine which, if any, of the varieties are ready for commercialization.
As an EU-funded effort, the search for salt-tolerant varieties of rice is taking place in all three
countries. Each team is crossbreeding a local European short-grain rice with a long-grain Asian variety
that carries the salt-resistant gene. The scientists are breeding successive generations to arrive at varieties
that incorporate salt tolerance but retain about 97 percent of the European rice genome (基因组)
46. Why does the author mention the Spanish Civil War at the beginning of the passage?
A) It had great impact on the life of Spanish rice farmers.
B) It is of great significance in the records of Spanish history.
C) Rice farmers in the Ebro Delta are waging a battle of similar importance.
D) Rice farmers in the Ebro Delta are experiencing as hard a time as in the war.
47. What may be the most effective strategy fbr rice farmers to employ in fighting their enemies?
A) Striking the weaker enemy first. 
C) Eliminating the enemy one by one.
B) Killing two birds with one stone. 
D) Using one evil to combat the other.
48. What do we learn about u Project Neurice"?
A) Its goals will have to be realized at a cost.
B) It aims to increase the yield of Spanish rice.
C) Its immediate priority is to bring the pest under control.
D) It tries to kill the snails with the help of climate change.
49. What does Neurice project manager say about the giant apple snail?
A) It can survive only on southern European wetlands.
B) It will invade other rice-growing regions of Europe.
C) It multiplies at a speed beyond human imagination.
D) It was introduced into the rice fields on purpose.
6 - 9

----- PAGE 157 -----
50. What is the ultimate goal of the EU-fiinded program?
A) Cultivating ideal salt-resistant rice varieties.
B) Increasing the absorbency of the Spanish rice.
C) Introducing Spanish rice to the rest of Europe.
D) Popularizing the rice crossbreeding technology.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Photography was once an expensive, laborious ordeal reserved for life's greatest milestones.
Now, the only apparent cost to taking infinite photos of something as common as a meal is the space
on your hard drive and your dining companion's patience.
But is there another cost, a deeper cost, to documenting a life experience instead of simply
enjoying it? ” You hear that you shouldn't take all these photos and interrupt the experience, and ifs
bad for you, and we're not living in the present moment,v says Kristin Diehl, associate professor of
marketing at the University of Southern California Marshall School of Business.
Diehl and her fellow researchers wanted to find out if that was true, so they embarked on a
series of nine experiments in the lab and in the field testing people's enjoyment in the presence or
absence of a camera. The results, published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology,
surprised them. Taking photos actually makes people enjoy what they're doing more, not less.
“What we find is you actually look at the world slightly differently, because you're looking fbr
things you want to capture, that you may want to hang onto,“ Diehl explains. u That gets people more
engaged in the experience, and they tend to enjoy it more.^^
Take sightseeing. In one experiment, nearly 200 participants boarded a double-decker bus fbr a
tour of Philadelphia. Both bus tours forbade the use of cell phones but one tour provided digital
cameras and encouraged people to take photos. The people who took photos enjoyed the experience
significantly more, and said they were more engaged, than those who didn't.
Snapping a photo directs attention, which heightens the pleasure you get from whatever you're
looking at, Diehl says. It works for things as boring as archaeological (考古的)museums, where
people were given eye-tracking glasses and instructed either to take photos or not. " People look
longer at things they want to photograph,n Diehl says. They report liking the exhibits more, too.
To the relief of Instagrammers (Instagram 用户) everywhere, it can even make meals more
enjoyable. When people were encouraged to take at least three photos while they ate lunch, they were
more immersed in their meals than those who weren't told to take photos.
Was it the satisfying click of the camera? The physical act of the snap? No, they found; just the
act of planning to take a photo- and not actually taking it- had the same joy-boosting effect. "If you
want to take mental photos, that works the same way,“ Diehl says. u Thinking about what you would
want to photograph also gets you more engaged."
6 - 10

----- PAGE 158 -----
51. What does the author say about photo-taking in the past?
A) It was a painstaking effort for recording life's major events.
B) It was a luxury that only a few wealthy people could enjoy.
C) It was a good way to preserve one's precious images.
D) It was a skill that required lots of practice to master.
52. Kristin Diehl conducted a series of experiments on photo-taking to find o
u
t .
A) what kind of pleasure it would actually bring to photo-takers
B) whether people enjoyed it when they did sightseeing
C) how it could help to enrich people's life experiences
D) whether it prevented people enjoying what they were doing
53. What do the results of Diehl's experiments show about people taking pictures?
A) They are distracted from what they are doing.
B) They can better remember what they see or do.
C) They are more absorbed in what catches their eye.
D) They can have a better understanding of the world.
54. What is found about museum visitors with the aid of eye-tracking glasses?
A) They come out with better photographs of the exhibits.
B) They focus more on the exhibits when taking pictures.
C) They have a better view of what are on display.
D) They follow the historical events more easily.
55. What do we learn from the last paragraph?
A) It is better to make plans before taking photos.
B) Mental photos can be as beautiful as snapshots.
C) Photographers can derive great joy from the click of the camera.
D) Even the very thought of taking a photo can have a positive effect.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
过去，拥有一辆私家车对大部分中国人而言是件奢侈的事。如今，私家车在中国随处可见。
汽车成了人们生活中不可或缺的一部分,他们不仅开车上下班，还经常驾车出游。有些城市的
汽车增长速度过快，以至于交通拥堵和停车位不足的问题日益严峻，这些城市的市政府不得不
出台新规，限制上路汽车的数量。由于空气污染日益严重,现在越来越多的人选择购买新能源
汽车，中国政府也采取了一些措施，支持新能源汽车的发展。
6 • 11

----- PAGE 159 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
building trust between employers and employees. You can cite examples to illustrate
your views. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 160 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2018年6 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 161 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation,
you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken
only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ) . Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er
S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) She advocates animal protection.
B) She sells a special kind of coffee.
C) She is going to start a cafe chain.
D) She is the owner of a special cafe.
2. A) They bear a lot of similarities.
B) They are a profitable business sector.
C) They cater to dififerent customers.
D) They help take care of customers7 pets.
3. A) By giving them regular cleaning and injections.
B) By selecting breeds that are tame and peaceful.
C) By placing them at a safe distance from customers.
D) By briefing customers on how to get along with them.
4. A) They want to learn about rabbits. 
C) They love the animals in her cafe.
B) They like to bring in their children. 
D) They give her cafe favorite reviews.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It contains too many additives. 
C) It can cause obesity.
B) It lacks the essential vitamins. 
D) It is mostly garbage.
6. A) Its fancy design. 
C) Its taste and texture.
B) TV commercials. 
D) Peer influence.
7. A) Investing heavily in the production of sweet foods.
B) Marketing their products with ordinary ingredients.
C) Trying to trick children into buying their products.
D) Offering children more varieties to choose from.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 162 -----
8. A) They hardly ate vegetables.
B) They seldom had junk food.
C) They favored chocolate-coated sweets.
D) They liked the food advertised on TV.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After
you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ),
B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 1 with a single
line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Stretches of farmland. 
C) Tombs of ancient rulers.
B) Typical Egyptian animal farms. 
D) Ruins left by devastating floods.
10. A) It provides habitats for more primitive tribes.
B) It is hardly associated with great civilizations.
C) It has not yet been fully explored and exploited.
D) It gathers water from many tropical rain forests.
11. A) It carries about one fifth of the world's fresh water.
B) It has numerous human settlements along its banks.
C) It is second only to the Mississippi River in width.
D) It is as long as the Nile and the Yangtze combined.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Living a life in the fast lane leads to success.
B) We are always in a rush to do various things.
C) The search for tranquility has become a trend.
D) All of us actually yearn fbr a slow and calm life.
13. A) She had trouble balancing family and work.
B) She enjoyed the various social events.
C) She was accustomed to tight schedules.
D) She spent all her leisure time writing books.
14. A) The possibility of ruining her family. 
C) The fatigue from living a fast-paced life.
B) Becoming aware of her declining health. 
D) Reading a book about slowing down.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 163 -----
15. A) She started to follow the cultural norms.
B) She came to enjoy doing everyday tasks.
C) She learned to use more polite expressions.
D) She stopped using to-do lists and calendars.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or
four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then
mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They will root out native species altogether.
C) They pose a threat to the local ecosystem
B) They contribute to a region's biodiversity.
D) They will crossbreed with native species.
17. A) Their classifications are meaningful.
C) Their definitions are changeable.
B) Their interactions are hard to define.
D) Their distinctions are artificial.
18. A) Only a few of them cause problems to native species.
B) They may turn out to benefit the local environment.
C) Few of them can survive in their new habitats.
D) Only 10 percent of them can be naturalized.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Respect their traditional culture. 
C) Research their specific demands.
B) Attend their business seminars. 
D) Adopt the right business strategies.
20. A) Showing them your palm.
B) Giving them gifts of great value.
C) Drinking alcohol on certain days of a month.
D) Clicking your fingers loudly in their presence.
21. A) They are very easy to satisfy. 
C) They tend to be friendly and enthusiastic.
B) They have a strong sense of worth. 
D) They have a break from 2:00 to 5:30 p.m.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 164 -----
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) He completely changed the company's culture.
B) He collected paintings by world-famous artists.
C) He took over the sales department of Reader's Digest.
D) He had the company's boardroom extensively renovated.
23. A) It should be sold at a reasonable price.
B) Its articles should be short and inspiring.
C) It should be published in the world's leading languages.
D) Its articles should entertain blue- and pink-collar workers.
24. A) He knew how to make the magazine profitable.
B) He served as a church minister for many years.
C) He suffered many setbacks and misfortunes in his life.
D) He treated the employees like members of his family.
25. A) It carried many more advertisements. 
C) Several hundred of its employees got fired.
B) George Grune joined it as an ad salesman. 
D) Its subscriptions increased considerably.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ；
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word
for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read
the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is
identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er
S h eet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the
bank more than once.
Did Sarah Josepha Hale write "Mary's Little Lamb,“ the eternal nursery rhyme (儿歌)about a
girl named Mary with a stubborn lamb? This is still disputed, but it's clear that the woman 
26 
for
writing it was one of America's most foscinating 
27 
. In honor of the poem's publication on May
24, 1830, here's more about the 
28 
author's life.
Hale wasn't just a writer, she was also a 
29 
social advocate, and she was particularly
30 
with an ideal New England, which she associated with abundant Thanksgiving meals that she
claimed had “ a deep moral influence." She began a nationwide 
31 
to have a national holiday
declared that would bring families together while celebrating the 
32 
festivals. In 1863, after 17
years of advocacy including letters to five presidents, Hale got it. President Abraham Lincoln, during
the Civil War, issued a 
33 
setting aside the last Thursday in November for the holiday.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 165 -----
The true authorship of "Mary's Little Lamb" is disputed. According to the New England
Historical Society, Hale wrote only part of the poem, but claimed authorship. Regardless of the author,
it seems that the poem was 
34 
by a real event. When young Mary Sawyer was followed to
school by a lamb in 1816, it caused some problems. A bystander named John Roulstone wrote a
poem about the event. Then, at some point, Hale herself seems to have helped write it. However, if a
1916 piece by her great-niece is to be trusted, Hale claimed fbr the 
35 
of her life that ” some
other people pretended that someone else wrote the poem".
A) campaign
I)
proclamation
B) career
J)
rectified
C) characters
K) reputed
D) features
L) rest
E) fierce
M) supposed
F) inspired
N) traditional
G) latter
0) versatile
H) obsessed
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the
paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more
than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking
the corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Grow Plants Without Water
[A] Ever since humanity began to form our own food, we've faced the unpredictable rain that is both
friend and enemy. It comes and goes without much warning, and a field of lush (茂盛的)leafy
greens one year can dry up and blow away the next. Food security and fortunes depend on
sufficient rain, and nowhere more so than in Africa, where 96% of formland depends on rain instead
of the irrigation common in more-developed places. It has consequences: South Africa's ongoing
drought- the worst in three decades- will cost it at least a quarter of its com crop this year.
[B] Biologist Jill Farrant of the University of Cape Town in South Africa says that nature has plenty
of answers for people who want to grow crops in places with unpredictable rainfall. She is hard
at work finding a way to take traits from rare wild plants that adapt to extreme dry weather and
use them in food crops. As the earth's climate changes and rainfall becomes even less predictable
in some places, those answers will grow even more valuable. "The type of farming I'm aiming
6 - 5

----- PAGE 166 -----
fbr is literally so that people can survive as ifs going to get more and more dry,“ Farrant says.
[C] Extreme conditions produce extremely tough plants. In the rusty red deserts of South Africa,
steep-sided rocky hills called inselbergs rear up from the plains like the bones of the earth. The
hills are remnants of an earlier geological era, scraped bare of most soil and exposed to the
elements. Yet on these and similar formations in deserts around the world, a few fierce plants
have adapted to endure under ever-changing conditions.
[D] Farrant calls them resurrection plants （复苏植物）. During months without water under a harsh
sun, they wither, shrink and contract until they look like a pile of dead gray leaves. But rainfall
can revive them in a matter of hours. Her time-lapse （间歇性拍摄的）videos of the revivals look
like someone playing a tape of the plant's death in reverse.
[E] The big difference between u drought-tolerantv plants and these tough plants: metabolism. Many
different kinds of plants have developed tactics to weather dry spells. Some plants store reserves
of water to see them through a drought; others send roots deep down to subsurfece water
supplies. But once these plants use up their stored reserve or tap out the underground supply, they
cease growing and start to die. They may be able to handle a drought of some length, and many
people use the term u drought tolerant" to describe such plants, but they never actually stop
needing to consume water, so Farrant prefers to call them drought resistant.
[F] Resurrection plants, defined as those capable of recovering from holding less than 0.1 grams of
water per gram of dry mass, are different. They lack water-storing structures, and their existence
on rock faces prevents them from tapping groundwater, so they have instead developed the ability
to change their metabolism. When they detect an extended dry period, they divert their
metabolisms, producing sugars and certain stress-associated proteins and other materials in their
tissues. As the plant dries, these resources take on first the properties of honey, then rubber, and
finally enter a glass-like state that is u the most stable state that the plant can maintain,n Farrant
says. That slows the planfs metabolism and protects its dried-out tissues. The plants also change
shape, shrinking to minimize the surface area through which their remaining water might
evaporate. They can recover from months and years without water, depending on the species.
[G] What else can do this dry-out-and-revive trick? Seeds-
almost all of them. At the start of her
career, Farrant studied u recalcitrant seeds （顽拗性种子）such as avocados, coffee and lychee.
While tasty, such seeds are delicate- they cannot bud and grow if they dry out （as you may know if
you've ever tried to grow a tree from an avocado pit）. In the seed world, that makes them rare,
because most seeds from flowering plants are quite robust. Most seeds can wait out the dry,
unwelcoming seasons until conditions are right and they sprout （发芽）.Yet once they start growing,
such plants seem not to retain the ability to hit the pause button on metabolism in their stems or leaves.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 167 -----
[H] After completing her Ph D. on seeds, Farrant began investigating whether it might be possible to
isolate the properties that make most seeds so resilient （迅速恢复活力的）and transfer them to
other plant tissues. What Farrant and others have found over the past two decades is that there are
many genes involved in resurrection plants' response to dryness. Many of them are the same that
regulate how seeds become dryness-tolerant while still attached to their parent plants. Now they are
trying to figure out what molecular signaling processes activate those seed-building genes in
resurrection plants- and how to reproduce them in crops. u Most genes are regulated by a master set
of genes,“ Farrant says.“蚀're looking at gene promoters and what would be their master switch "
[I] Once Farrant and her colleagues feel they have a better sense of which switches to throw, they will
have to find the best way to do so in useful crops. "I'm trying three methods of breeding,"
Farrant says: conventional, genetic modification and gene editing. She says she is aware that
plenty of people do not want to eat genetically modified crops, but she is pushing ahead with
every available tool until one works. Farmers and consumers alike can choose whether or not to
use whichever version prevails: u Fm giving people an option."
[J] Farrant and others in the resurrection business got together last year to discuss the best species of
resurrection plant to use as a lab model. Just like medical researchers use rats to test ideas for
human medical treatments, botanists use plants that are relatively easy to grow in a lab or
greenhouse setting to test their ideas fbr related species. The Queensland rock violet is one of the
best studied resurrection plants so far, with a draft genome （基因 图谱）published last year by a
Chinese team. Also last year, Farrant and colleagues published a detailed molecular study of
another candidate, Xerophyta viscosa, a tough-as-nail South African plant with lily-like flowers,
and she says that a genome is on the way. One or both of these models will help researchers test
their ideas- so far mostly done in the lab- on test plots.
[K] Understanding the basic science first is key. There are good reasons why crop plants do not use
dryness defenses already. For instance, there's a high energy cost in switching from a regular
metabolism to an almost-no-water metabolism. It will also be necessary to understand what sort
of yield farmers might expect and to establish the planfs safety. u The yield is never going to be
high," Farrant says, so these plants will be targeted not at Iowa farmers trying to squeeze more
cash out of high-yield fields, but subsistence farmers who need help to survive a drought like the
present one in South Africa. " My vision is for the subsistence farmer/' Farrant says. " I'm
targeting crops that are of African value."
36. There are a couple of plants tough and adaptable enough to survive on bare rocky hills and in
deserts.
37. Farrant is trying to isolate genes in resurrection plants and reproduce them in crops.
6 ・
 7

----- PAGE 168 -----
38. Farmers in South Africa are more at the mercy of nature, especially inconsistent rainfall.
39. Resurrection crops are most likely to be the choice of subsistence farmers.
40. Even though many plants have developed various tactics to cope with dry weather, they cannot
survive a prolonged drought.
41. Despite consumer resistance, researchers are pushing ahead with genetic modification of crops.
42. Most seeds can pull through dry spells and begin growing when conditions are ripe, but once this
process starts, it cannot be held back.
43. Farrant is working hard to cultivate food crops that can survive extreme dryness by studying the
traits of rare wild plants.
44. By adjusting their metabolism, resurrection plants can recover from an extended period of
drought.
45. Resurrection plants can come back to life in a short time after a rainfall.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C)
and D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on
Answer SheBt 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Human memory is notoriously unreliable. Even people with the sharpest facial-recognition skills
can only remember so much.
Its tough to quantify how good a person is at remembering. No one really knows how many
dififerent feces someone can recall, for example, but various estimates tend to hover in the
thousands—based on the number of acquaintances a person might have.
Machines aren't limited this way. Give the right computer a massive database of faces, and it can
process what it sees—then recognize a face ifs told to find—with remarkable speed and precision.
This skill is what supports the enormous promise of facial-recognition software in the 21st century.
It's also what makes contemporary surveillance systems so scary.
The thing is, machines still have limitations when it comes to facial recognition. And scientists
are only just beginning to understand what those constraints are. To begin to figure out how
6 - 8

----- PAGE 169 -----
computers are struggling, researchers at the University of Washington created a massive database of
faces—they call it MegaFace—and tested a variety of facial-recognition algorithms ( 算法) as they
scaled up in complexity. The idea was to test the machines on a database that included up to 1 million
different images of nearly 700,000 different people—and not just a large database featuring a
relatively small number of dififerent faces, more consistent with whafs been used in other research.
As the databases grew, machine accuracy dipped across the board. Algorithms that were right
95% of the time when they were dealing with a 13,000-image database, fbr example, were accurate
about 70% of the time when confronted with 1 million images. Thafs still pretty good, says one of
the researchers, Ira Kemelmacher-Shlizerman. 41 Much better than we expected,she said.
Machines also had difficulty adjusting fbr people who look a lot alike—either doppelgangers ( 长
相极相似的人)，whom the machine would have trouble identifying as two separate people, or the
same person who appeared in different photos at different ages or in different lighting, whom the
machine would incorrectly view as separate people.
u Once we scale up, algorithms must be sensitive to tiny changes in identities and at the same
time invariant to lighting, pose, age," Kemelmacher-Shlizerman said.
The trouble is, for many of the researchers who'd like to design systems to address these
challenges, massive datasets fbr experimentation just don't exist- at least, not in formats that are
accessible to academic researchers. Training sets like the ones Google and Facebook have are private.
There are no public databases that contain millions of faces. MegaFace's creators say ifs the largest
publicly available facial-recognition dataset out there.
u An ultimate face recognition algorithm should perform with billions of people in a dataset,“ the
researchers wrote.
46. Compared with human memory, machines c
a
n
.
A) identify human faces more efficiently 
C) store an unlimited number of human faces
B) tell a friend from a mere acquaintance 
D) perceive images invisible to the human eye
47. Why did researchers create MegaFace?
A) To enlarge the volume of the facial-recognition database.
B) To increase the variety of facial-recognition software.
C) To understand computers' problems with facial recognition.
D) To reduce the complexity of facial-recognition algorithms.
48. What does the passage say about machine accuracy?
A) It falls short of researchers, expectations. 
C) It varies greatly with different algorithms.
B) It improves with added computing power. 
D) It decreases as the database size increases.
49. What is said to be a shortcoming of facial-recognition machines?
A) They cannot easily tell apart people with near-identical appearances.
B) They have difficulty identifying changes in facial expressions.
6 • 9

----- PAGE 170 -----
C) They are not sensitive to minute changes in people's mood.
D) They have problems distinguishing people of the same age.
50. What is the difficulty confronting researchers of facial-recognition machines?
A) No computer is yet able to handle huge datasets of human faces.
B) There do not exist public databases with sufficient face samples.
C) There are no appropriate algorithms to process the face samples.
D) They have trouble converting face datasets into the right format.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
There are currently 21.5 million students in America, and many will be funding their college on
borrowed money. Given that there's now over $ 1.3 trillion in student loans on the books, ifs pretty
clear that many students are far from sensible. The average studenfs debt upon graduation now
approaches $40,000, and as college becomes ever more expensive, calls to make it 44 free" are
multiplying. Even Hillary Clinton says that when it comes to college, u Costs won't be a barrier.v
But the only way college could be free is if the faculty and staff donated their time, the buildings
required no maintenance, and the campuses required no utilities. As long as it's impossible to produce
something from nothing, costs are absolutely a barrier.
The actual question we debate is who should pay fbr people to go to college. If taxpayers are to
bear the cost of forgiving student loans, shouldn't they have a say in how their money is used?
At least taxpayers should be able to decide what students will study on the public dime. If we
are going to force taxpayers to foot the bill fbr college degrees, students should only study those
subjects that are of greatest benefit to taxpayers. After all, students making their own choices in this
respect is what caused the problem in the first place. We simply don't need more poetry, gender
studies, or sociology majors. How do we know which subjects benefit society? Easy.
Average starting salaries give a clear indication of what type of training society needs its new
workers to have. Certainly, there are benefits to a college major beyond the job a student can perform.
But if we're talking about the benefits to society, the only thing that matters is what the major enables
the student to produce for society. And the value of what the student can produce is reflected in the
wage employers are willing to pay the student to produce it.
A low wage fbr elementary school teachers, however, doesn't mean elementary education isn't
important. It simply means there are too many elementary school teachers already.
Meanwhile, there are few who are willing and able to perform jobs requiring a petroleum
engineering major, so the value of one more of those people is very high.
So we can have taxpayers pick up students5 tuition in exchange fbr dictating what those students
will study. Or we can allow students both to choose their majors and pay for their education
themselves. But in the end, one of two things is true:
6 - 10

----- PAGE 171 -----
Either a college major is worth its cost or it isn't. If yes, taxpayer financing isn't needed. If not,
taxpayer financing isn't desirable. Either way, taxpayers have no business paying for students' college
education.
51. What does the author think of college students funding their education through loans?
A) They only expect to get huge returns. 
C) They benefit at taxpayers, expense.
B) They are acting in an irrational way. 
D) They will regret doing so someday.
52. In the author's opinion, free college education i
s
.
A) impractical 
C) a goal to strive for
B) unsustainable 
D) a way to social equality
53. What should students do if taxpayers are to bear their college costs?
A) Work even harder to repay society.
B) Choose their subjects more carefully.
C) Choose majors that will serve society's practical needs.
D) Allow taxpayers to participate in college administration.
54. What does the author say about the value of a student's college education?
A) It is underestimated by profit-seeking employers.
B) It is to be proved by what they can do on the job.
C) It is well reflected in their average starting salary.
D) It is embodied in how they remove social barriers.
55. What message does the author want to convey in the passage?
A) Students should think carefully whether to go to college.
B) Taxpayers should only finance the most gifted students.
C) The worth of a college education is open to debate.
D) College students should fund their own education.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
中国目前拥有世界上最大最快的高速铁路网。高铁列车的运行速度还将继续提升，更多的
城市将修建高铁站。高铁大大缩短了人们出行的时间。相对飞机而言，高铁列车的突出优势在
于准时，因为基本不受天气或交通管制的影响。高铁极大地改变了中国人的生活方式。如今,
它已经成了很多人商务旅行的首选交通工具。越来越多的人也在假日乘高铁外出旅游。还有
不少年轻人选择在一个城市工作而在邻近城市居住，每天乘高铁上下班。
6 • 11

----- PAGE 172 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
building trust between teachers and students. You can cite examples to illustrate your
views. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 173 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2018年6 月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 174 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
特别说明
¥ 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
«
I
第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
, ^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » 7 1
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word
for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read
the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is
identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er
S h eet 2  with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the
bank more than once.
When Elon Musk says that his new priority is using artificial intelligence to build domestic
robots, we should look forward to the day in admiration.
Mr. Musk is a guy who gets things done. The founder of two tech companies, Tesla Motors and
SpaceX, is bringing electric vehicles to mass market and 
26 
humans to live on other planets.
This sounds like so much hot air, but the near $13 billion fortune this entrepreneur has 
27
comes from practical achievements rather than hypothetical ones.
A lot of clever people are 
28 
about artificial intelligence, fearing that robots will one day
become so 
29 
that they'll murder all of us. These fears are mostly 
30 
: as with hysteria
about genetic modification, we humans are generally wise enough to manage these problems with
speed and care.
And just think of how wonderful it would be if you had a live-in robot. It could, 
31 
, be like
having a babysitter and a nurse rolled into one — or, if that required 
32 
intelligence beyond the
power of Mr. Musk's imagined machine, at least someone to chop the carrots, wash the car and mow
the lawn. Once purchased and trained, this would allow the 
33 
user to save money and time,
freeing up 
34 
space in our busy lives to read a good book.
That is why we welcome Mr. Musk's latest 
35 
, and wish him well. As long as robots add to
the sum of human happiness, reduce suffering, and create time to read world-class journalism, we
should be their fans, especially since journalism is one job robots will never do.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 175 -----
A) amassed
I) misleading
B) casual
J) precious
C) emotional
K) reward
D) enabling
L) smart
E) eventually
M) sphere
F) exaggerated
N) terrified
G) extravagant
0) venture
H) generously
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the
paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more
than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking
the corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 2.
In the real world, nobody cares that you went to an Ivy League school
[A] As a high school junior, everything in my life revolved around getting into the right college. I
diligently attended my SAT, ACT, and Advanced Placement test preparation courses. I juggled
(尽力应付)cross-country and track schedules, newspaper staff, and my church's youth group
and drama team. I didn't drink, party, or even do much dating. The right college, I thought, was
one with prestige, one with a name. It didn't have to be the Ivy League, but it needed to be a
u top school.n
[B] Looking back now, nine years later, I can't remember exactly what it was about these universities
that made them seem so much better. Was it a curriculum that appeared more rigorous, perhaps? Or
an alumni network that I hoped would open doors down the line? Maybe. "I do think there are
advantages to schools with more recognition," notes Marybeth Gasman, a professor of higher
education at the University of Pennsylvania. UI don't necessarily think thafs a reason to go to one."
[C] In reflection, my firm belief in the power of the brand was naive, not to mention a bit snobby. I
quickly passed over state schools and southern schools, believing their curriculums to be
automatically inferior to northeastern or western counterparts. Instead, I dreamed of living in
New York City and my parents obliged me with a visit to New York University's (NYU)
campus. During the tour, tuition fees were discussed. (NYU is consistently ranked one of the
country's most expensive schools, with room and board costs totaling upwards of $64,000 a
year.) Up until then, I hadn't truly realized just how expensive an education can be. Over the
next few months, I realized not only could I not afford my dream school, I couldn't even afford
6 • 2

----- PAGE 176 -----
the ones where I'd been accepted. City University of New York (CUNY), Rutgers University,
and Indiana University were out of reach as were Mississippi State and the University of
Alabama, where I would have to pay out-of-state fees. Further complicating my college search
was a flourishing track career—I wanted to keep running but my times weren't quite fast
enough to secure a scholarship.
[D] And so, at 11pm on the night of Georgia State University's (GSU) midnight deadline, I applied
online. Rated No. 466 overall on Forbes, Lists Top Colleges, No. 183 in Research Universities,
and No. 108 in the South, I can't say it was my top choice. Still, the track coach had offered me a
walk-on spot, and I actually found the urban Atlanta campus a decent consolation prize after New
York City.
[E] While it may have been practical, it wasn't prestigious. But here's the thing: I loved my u lower-
tier' (低层次的)university. (I use the term u low-tier" cautiously, because GSU is a well-
regarded research institution that attracts high quality professors and faculty from all over the
country.) We are taught to believe that only by going to the best schools and getting the best
grades can we escape the rat race and build a better future. But what if lower-tier colleges and
universities were the ticket to escaping the rat race? After all, where else can you leave school
with a decent degree—but without a lifetime of debt?
[F] My school didn't come pre-packaged like the more popular options, so we were left to take care
of ourselves, figuring out city life and trying to complete degree programs that no one was
championing for us to succeed in. What I'm saying is, I loved my university because it taught us
all to be resourceful and we could make what we wanted out of it.
[G] I was lucky enough to have my tuition covered by a lottery-funded scholarship called HOPE
(Helping Outstanding Pupils Educationally). When I started college, the HOPE scholarship was
funded by the state of Georgia and offered to graduating high school seniors with a GPA of 3.0
or higher. Living costs and books I paid for with money earned during high school, supplemented
by a small college fund my deceased grandfather left for me and a modest savings account my
parents created when I was born.
[H] So what about all that name recognition? Sure, many of my colleagues and competitors have
more glamorous alma /waters (母校)than I do. As a journalist, I have competed against NYU,
Columbia, and Northeastern graduates for jobs. And yet, not a single interviewer has ever asked
me about my educational background. In fact, almost every interview I've ever had was due to a
connection -  one that Fve gained through pure determination, not a school brand.
[I] According to The Boston Globe, students who earned their bachelofs in 2012 have an average
monthly loan payment of $312, which is one-third more than those who graduated in 2004.
Ultimately, thafs the thing universities don't want to admit. Private universities are money-making
6 • 3

----- PAGE 177 -----
institutions. If you can afford to buy prestige, thafs your choice. For the rest of us, however, our
hearty lower-tiered universities are just fine, thank you.
[J] Wealthy universities talk up the benefits their name will give graduates: namely, strong alumni
networks, star faculty, and a resume boost. But you needn't attend an Ivy League school to reap
those rewards. Ludacris and the former CEO of Bank of America Ken Lewis are alumni of my
college, as well as VICE'S first female editor-in-chief, Ellis Jones. Successful people tend to be
successful no matter where they go to school, and lower-tier schools can have alumni networks
just as strong as their big name counterparts. In fact, lower-tier school alumni networks are
arguably stronger, because fellow alumni recognize that you didn't necessarily have an easy path
to follow. They might be more willing to offer career help, because your less famous school
denotes that, like them, you are also full of energy and perseverance.
[K] The Washington Post reported on a recent study by Princeton economists, in which college
graduates who applied to the most selective schools in the 12th grade were compared to those
who applied to slightly less selective schools. They found that students with more potential earned
more as adults, and the reverse held true as well, no matter where they went to school.
[L] Likewise, star faculty are not always found where you'd expect. Big name schools are not
necessarily the best places for professors; plus, many professors split teaching time between
multiple colleges and/or universities. This means, for instance, a CUNY student could reasonably
expect to receive the same quality of instruction from a prestigious professor as they would if
they were enrolled in the same class at NYU.
[M] Ifs possible that some hiring managers may be drawn to candidates with a particular educational
resume, but it's no guarantee. According to a 2012 survey described in The Atlantic, college
reputation ranked lowest in relative importance of attributes in evaluating graduates for hire,
beaten out by top factors like internships, employment during college, college major, volunteer
experience, and extracurriculars.
[N] Maybe students who choose less prestigious universities are bound to succeed because they are
determined to. I tend to think so. In any case, if I could do it again, I'd still make the same
choice. Today I'm debt-free, resourceful- and I understand that even the shiniest packaging can't
predict what you'll find on the inside.
36. Modest institutions can also have successful graduates and strong alumni networks.
37. The money the author made in high school helped pay for her living expenses and books at college.
38. The author came to see how costly college education could be when she was trying to choose a
university to attend.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 178 -----
39. A recent study found that a graduate's salary is determined by their potential, not the university
they attended.
40. The author cannot recall for sure what made certain top universities appear a lot better.
41. None of the author's job interviewers cared which college she went to.
42. The author thinks she did the right thing in choosing a less prestigious university.
43. In order to be admitted to a prestigious university, the author took part in various extracurricular
activities and attended test preparation courses.
44. The author liked her university which was not prestigious but less expensive.
45. Colleges are reluctant to admit that graduates today are in heavier debt.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C)
and D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on
AnSWGr Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Economically speaking, are we better off than we were ten years ago? Twenty years ago?
In their thirst for evidence on this issue, commentators seized on the recent report by the Census
Bureau, which found that average household income rose by 5.2% in 2015. Unfortunately, that
conclusion puts too much weight on a useful, but flawed and incomplete, statistic. Among the more
significant problems with the Census's measure are that: 1) it excludes taxes, transfers, and
compensation like employer-provided health insurance; and 2) it is based on surveys rather than data.
Even if precisely measured, income data exclude important determinants of economic well-being,
such as the hours of work needed to earn that income.
While thinking about the question, we came across a recently published article by Charles Jones
and Peter Klenow, which proposes an interesting new measure of economic welfare. While by no means
perfect, it is considerably more comprehensive than average income, taking into account not only
growth in consumption per person but also changes in working time, life expectancy, and inequality.
Moreover, it can be used to assess economic performance both across countries and over time.
The Jones-Klenow method can be illustrated by a cross-country example. Suppose we want to
compare the economic welfare of citizens of the U.S. and France in 2005.
In 2005, as the authors observe, real consumption per person in France was only 60% as high as
6 - 5

----- PAGE 179 -----
the U.S., making it appear that Americans were economically much better off than the French on
average. However, that comparison omits other relevant factors: leisure time, life expectancy, and
economic inequality. The French take longer vacations and retire earlier, so typically work fewer
hours; they enjoy a higher life expectancy, presumably reflecting advantages with respect to health
care, diet, lifestyle, and the like; and income and consumption are somewhat more equally distributed
there than in the U.S. Because of these differences, comparing France's consumption with the U.S.'s
overstates the gap in economic welfare.
Similar calculations can be used to compare the U.S. and other countries. For example, this
calculation puts economic welfare in the United Kingdom at 97% of U. S. levels, but estimates
Mexican well-being at 22% .
The Jones-Klenow measure can also assess an economy's performance over time. According to
this measure, as of the early-to-mid-2000s, the U.S. had the highest economic welfare of any large
country. Since 2007, economic welfare in the U.S. has continued to improve. However, the pace of
improvement has slowed markedly.
Methodologically, the lesson from the Jones-Klenow research is that economic welfare is multi­
dimensional. Their approach is flexible enough that in principle other important quality-of-life changes
could be incorporated- for example, decreases in total emissions of pollutants and declines in crime rates.
46. What does the author think of the 2015 report by the Census Bureau?
A) It is based on questionable statistics.
B) It reflects the economic changes.
C) It evidences the improved welfare.
D) It provides much food for thought.
47. What does the author say about the Jones-Klenow method?
A) It is widely used to compare the economic growth across countries.
B) It revolutionizes the way of measuring ordinary people's livelihood.
C) It focuses on people's consumption rather than their average income.
D) It is a more comprehensive measure of people's economic well-being.
48. What do Jones and Klenow think of the comparison between France and the U.S. in terms of real
consumption per person?
A) It reflected the existing big gap between the two economies.
B) It neglected many important indicators of people's welfare.
C) It covered up the differences between individual citizens.
D) It failed to count in their difference in natural resources.
49. What is an advantage of the Jones-Klenow method?
A) It can accurately pinpoint a country's current economic problems.
B) It can help to raise people's awareness of their economic well-being.
C) It can diagnose the causes of a country's slowing pace of economic improvement.
D) It can compare a country's economic conditions between different periods of time.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 180 -----
50. What can we infer from the passage about American people's economic well-being?
A) It is much better than that of their European counterparts.
B) It has been on the decline ever since the turn of the century.
C) It has not improved as much as reported by the Census Bureau.
D) It has not been accurately assessed and reported since mid-2000s.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
If you've ever started a sentence with, “If I were you...n or found yourself scratching your head
at a colleague's agony over a decision when the answer is crystal-clear, there's a scientific reason
behind it. Our own decision-making abilities can become depleted over the course of the day causing
indecision or poor choices, but choosing on behalf of someone else is an enjoyable task that doesn't
suffer the same pitfalls.
The problem is u decision fatigue,“ a psychological phenomenon that takes a toll on the quality
of your choices after a long day of decision making, says Evan Polman, a leading psychologist.
Physicians who have been on the job for several hours, for example, are more likely to prescribe
antibiotics to patients when ifs unwise to do so. " Presumably ifs because ifs simple and easy to write
a prescription and consider a patient case closed rather than investigate further,n Polman says.
But decision fatigue goes away when you are making the decision for someone else. When
people imagine themselves as advisers and imagine their own choices as belonging to someone else,
they feel less tired and rely less on decision shortcuts to make those choices. u By taking upon the
role of adviser rather than decision maker, one does not suffer the consequences of decision fatigue,"
he says. "It's as if there's something fun and liberating about making someone else's choice.,,
Getting input from others not only offers a fresh perspective and thought process, it often also
includes riskier choices. While this sounds undesirable, it can be quite good, says Polman. "When
people experience decision fatigue- when they are tired of making choices- they have a tendency to
choose to go with the status quo ( 现才发he says. u But the status quo can be problematic, since a
change in the course of action can sometimes be important and lead to a positive outcome.n
In order to achieve a successful outcome or reward, some level of risk is almost always essential.
“People who are susceptible to decision fatigue will likely choose to do nothing over something,n he
says. " Thafs not to say that risk is always good, but it is related to taking action, whereas decision
fatigue assuredly leads to inaction and the possible chagrin (懊恼) of a decision maker who might
otherwise prefer a new course but is unfortunately hindered.M
Just because you can make good choices for others doesn't mean you'll do the same for yourself,
Polman cautions. u Research has found that women negotiate higher salaries for others than they do
fbr themselves," he says, adding that people slip in and out of decision roles.
6 ・
 7

----- PAGE 181 -----
51. What does the author say about people making decisions?
A) They may become exhausted by making too many decisions for themselves.
B) They are more cautious in making decisions for others than for themselves.
C) They tend to make decisions the way they think advantageous to them.
D) They show considerable differences in their decision-making abilities.
52. What does the example about the physicians illustrate?
A) Patients seldom receive due care towards the end of the day.
B) Prescription of antibiotics can be harmful to patients5 health.
C) Decision fatigue may prevent people making wise decisions.
D) Medical doctors are especially susceptible to decision fatigue.
53. When do people feel less decision fatigue?
A) When they take decision shortcuts.
B) When they help others to make decisions.
C) When they have major decisions to make.
D) When they have advisers to turn to.
54. What are people likely to do when decision fatigue sets in?
A) They turn to physicians for advice.
B) They tend to make risky decisions.
C) They adopt a totally new perspective.
D) They refrain from trying anything new.
55. What does the passage say about taking some risk in decision making?
A) It is vital for one to reach the goal desired.
B) It is likely to entail serious consequences.
C) It will enable people to be more creative.
D) It will more often than not end in regret.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on A n sw er S h eet 2.
自行车曾经是中国城乡最主要的交通工具，中国一度被称为“自行车王国”。如今,随着城
市交通拥堵和空气污染日益严重,骑自行车又开始流行起来。近来，中国企业家将移动互联网
技术与传统自行车结合在一起，发明了一种称为共享嚷至(shared bikes)的商业模式。共享单
车的出现使骑车出行更加方便，人们仅需一部手机就可以随时使用共享单车。为了鼓励人们骑
车出行,很多城市修建了自行车道。现在，越来越多的中国人也喜欢通过骑车健身。
6 • 8

----- PAGE 182 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
building trust between businesses and consumers. You can cite examples to illustrate
your views. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 183 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2018年12月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 184 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
4) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
回怒蛭回
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) It can benefit professionals and non-professionals alike.
B) It lists the various challenges physicists are confronting.
C) It describes how some mysteries of physics were solved
D) It is one of the most fescmating physics books ever written.
2. A) Physicists, contribution to humanity.
B) Stories about some female physicists.
C) Historical evolution of modern physics.
D) Women's changing attitudes to physics.
3. A) By exposing a lot of myths in physics.
B) By describing her own life experiences.
C) By including lots of fascinating knowledge.
D) By telling anecdotes about famous professors.
4. A) It avoids detailing abstract concepts of physics.
B) It contains a lot of thought-provoking questions.
C) It demonstrates how they can become physicists.
D) It provides experiments they can do themselves.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) He is too busy to finish his assignment in time.
B) He does not know what kind of topic to write on.
C) He does not understand the professofs instructions.
D) He has no idea how to proceed with his dissertation.
6. A) It is too broad. 
C) It is challenging.
B) It is a bit outdated. 
D) It is interesting.
7. A) Biography. 
C) Philosophy.
B) Nature. 
D) Beauty.

----- PAGE 185 -----
8. A) Improve his cumulative grade.
B) Develop his reading ability.
C) Stick to the topic assigned.
D) List the parameters first.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ),
C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) The unprecedented high temperature in Greenland.
B) The collapse of ice on the northern tip of Greenland.
C) The unusual cold spell in the Arctic area in October.
D) The rapid change of Arctic temperature within a day.
10. A) It has created a totally new climate pattern.
B) It will pose a serious threat to many species.
C) It typically appears about once every ten years.
D) It has puzzled the climate scientists for decades.
11. A) Extinction of Arctic wildlife. 
C) Emigration of indigenous people.
B) Iceless summers in the Arctic. 
D) Better understanding of ecosystems.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) A good start. 
C) A strong determination.
B) A detailed plan. 
D) A scientific approach.
13. A) Most people get energized after a sufficient rest.
B) Most people tend to have a finite source of energy.
C) It is vital to take breaks between demanding mental tasks.
D) It is most important to have confidence in one's willpower.
14. A) They could keep on working longer.
B) They could do more challenging tasks.
C) They found it easier to focus on work at hand.
D) They held more positive attitudes toward life.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 186 -----
15. A) They are part of their nature.
B) They are subject to change.
C) They are related to culture.
D) They are beyond control.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) About half of current jobs might be automated.
B) The jobs of doctors and lawyers would be threatened.
C) The job market is becoming somewhat unpredictable.
D) Machine learning would prove disruptive by 2013.
17. A) They are widely applicable for massive open online courses.
B) They are now being used by numerous high school teachers.
C) They could read as many as 10,000 essays in a single minute.
D) They could grade high-school essays just like human teachers.
18. A) It needs instructions throughout the process.
B) It does poorly on frequent, high-volume tasks.
C) It has to rely on huge amounts of previous data.
D) It is slow when it comes to tracking novel things.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) The engineering problems with solar power.
B) The generation of steam with the latest technology.
C) The importance of exploring new energy sources.
D) The theoretical aspects of sustainable energy.
20. A) Drive trains with solar energy.
B) Upgrade the city's train facilities.
C) Build a new ten-kilometre railway line.
D) Cut down the city's energy consumption.
21. A) Build a tank fbr keeping calcium oxide.
B) Find a new material for storing energy.
C) Recover super-heated steam.
D) Collect carbon dioxide gas.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 187 -----
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) The lack of supervision by both the national and local governments.
B) The impact of the current economic crisis at home and abroad.
C) The poor management of day centres and home help services.
D) The poor relation between national health and social care services.
23. A) It was mainly provided by voluntary services.
B) It mainly caters to the needs of the privileged.
C) It called for a sufficient number of volunteers.
D) It has deteriorated over the past sixty years.
24. A) Their longer lifespans.
B) Fewer home helpers available.
25. A) They are unable to pay for health services.
B) They have long been discriminated against.
C) Their preference for private services.
D) More of them suffering serious illnesses.
C) They are vulnerable to illnesses and diseases.
D) They have contributed a great deal to society.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Just off the coast of Southern California sits Santa Cruz Island, where a magical creature called
the island fox 
26 
A decade ago, this island's ecosystem was in 
27 
. Wild pigs attracted
golden eagles from the mainland, and those flying 
28 
crashed the fbx population. So the Nature
Conservancy launched a 
29 
war against the pigs, complete with helicopters and sharp shooters.
And it worked. Today, federal agencies are pulling the island fox from the Endangered Species
List. Ifs the fastest-ever recovery of a mammal, joining peers like the Louisiana black bear as
glowing successes in the history of the Endangered Species Act.
But the recovery of Santa Cruz Island isn't just about the fbx. The Nature Conservancy has
30 
war on a multitude of invasive species here, from sheep to plants to the 
31 
Argentine
ant. " Our philosophy with the island has always been, ' OK, 
32 
the threats and let the island go
back to what it was,' " says ecologist Christina Boser. And it appears to be working. Native plants are
coming back, and the fox once again bounds about carefree.
But keeping those foxes from harm will occupy Boser and her colleagues for years to come. You
6 , 4

----- PAGE 188 -----
see, humans are still allowed on Santa Cruz Island, and they bring dogs. So Boser has to vaccinate
her fbxes against various diseases. "We're obligated to keep a pulse on the population for at least five
years after the foxes are delisted," says Boser. That includes tagging the foxes and 
33 
their
numbers to ensure nothing goes wrong.
This is the story of the little fox that has come back, and the people who have 
34 
their lives
to protecting it. This is the story of wildlife conservation in the age of mass 
35
A) aggressive
I)
hinders
B) chaos
J)
mammal
C) configuration
K) monitoring
D) declared
L) predators
E) dedicated
M) remove
F) dwells
N) tempt
G) extinction
0) underlying
H) fierce
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2.
Do Parents Invade Children's Privacy When They Post Photos Online?
[A] When Katlyn Burbidge's son was 6 years old, he was performing some ridiculous song and
dance typical of a first-grader. But after she snapped a photo and started using her phone, he
asked her a serious question: u Are you going to post that online?" She laughed and answered,
“Yes, I think I will." What he said next stopped her. u Can you not?"
[ B] Thafs when it dawned on her: She had been posting photos of him online without asking his
permission. "We're big advocates of bodily autonomy and not forcing him to hug or kiss people
unless he wants to, but it never occurred to me that I should ask his permission to post photos of
him online," says Burbidge, a mom of two in Wakefield, Massachusetts. 44 Now when I post a
photo of him online, I show him the photo and get his okay.”
[ C ] When her 8-month-old is 3 or 4 years old, she plans to start asking him in an age-appropriate
way, u Do you want other people to see this?" Thafs precisely the approach that two researchers
advocated before a room of pediatricians (儿科医生)last week at the American Academy of
6 - 5

----- PAGE 189 -----
Pediatrics meeting, when they discussed the 21st century challenge of “ sharenting,“ a new term for
parents5 online sharing about their children. "As advocates of children's rights, we believe that
children should have a voice about what information is shared about them if possible,n says Stacey
Steinberg, a legal skills professor at the University of Florida Levin College of Law in Gainesville.
[ D] Whether ifs ensuring that your child isn't bullied over something you post, that their identity
isn't digitally “kidnapped”, or that their photos don,t end up on a half dozen child pornography
（色情）sites, as one Australian mom discovered, parents and pediatricians are increasingly
aware of the importance of protecting children's digital presence. Steinberg and Bahareh Keith,
an assistant professor of pediatrics at the University of Florida College of Medicine, say most
children will likely never experience problems related to what their parents share, but a tension
still exists between parents, rights to share their experiences and their children's rights to privacy.
[ E] "We're in no way trying to silence parents, voices,n Steinberg says. "At the same time, we
recognize that children might have an interest in entering adulthood free to create their own
digital footprint.v They cited a study presented earlier this year of 249 pairs of parents and their
children in which twice as many children as parents wanted rules on what parents could share.
“The parents said, ' We don't need rules -  we're fine,' and the children said, ' Our parents
need rules,5 " Keith says, "The children wanted autonomy about this issue and were worried
about their parents sharing information about them."
[F] Although the American Academy of Pediatrics offers guidelines recommending that parents
model appropriate social media use for their children, it does not explicitly discuss oversharing
by parents. "I think this is a very legitimate concern, and I appreciate their drawing our
attention to it,“ David Hill, a father of five, says. He sees a role for pediatricians to talk with
parents about this, but believes the messaging must extend far beyond pediatricians' offices. 141
look forward to seeing researchers expand our understanding of the issue so we can translate it
into effective education and policy," he says.
[G] There's been little research on the topic, Steinberg wrote in a law article about this issue. While
states could pass laws related to sharing information about children online, Steinberg feels
parents themselves are generally best suited to make these decisions for their families. u While
we didn't want to create any unnecessary panic, we did find some concerns that were
troublesome, and we thought that parents or at least physicians should be aware of those
potential risks,“ Steinberg says. They include photos repurposed for inappropriate or illegal
means, identity theft, embarrassment, bullying by peers or digital kidnapping.
[H] But thafs the negative side, with risks that must be balanced against the benefits of sharing.
Steinberg pointed out that parental sharing on social media helps build communities, connect
spread-out families, provide support and raise awareness around important social issues for
which parents might be their child's only voice.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 190 -----
[I] A C.S. Mott survey found among the 56 percent of mothers and 34 percent of fathers who
discussed parenting on social media, 72 percent of them said sharing made them feel less alone,
and nearly as many said sharing helped them worry less and gave them advice from other
parents. The most common topics they discussed included kids' sleep, nutrition, discipline,
behavior problems and day care and preschool.
[J] "There's this peer-to-peer nature of health care these days with a profound opportunity for
parents to learn helpful tips, safety and prevention efforts, pro-vaccine messages and all kinds of
other messages from other parents in their social communities," says Wendy Sue Swanson, a
pediatrician and executive director of digital health at Seattle Children's Hospital, where she
blogs about her own parenting journey to help other parents. " They're getting nurtured by
people they've already selected that they trust,“ she says.
[ K] "How do we weigh the risks, how do we think about the benefits, and how do we alleviate the
risks?" she says. u Those are the questions we need to ask ourselves, and everyone can have a
different answer."
[L] Some parents find the best route for them is not to share at all. Bridget O'Hanlon and her
husband, who live in Cleveland, decided before their daughter was born that they would not post
her photos online. When a few family members did post pictures, O'Hanlon and her husband
made their wishes clear. "It's been hard not to share pictures of her because people always want
to know how babies and toddlers （学走路的孩子）are doing and to see pictures, but we made
the decision to have social media while she did not," O'Hanlon said. Similarly, Alison Jamison
of New York decided with her husband that their child had a right to their own online identity.
They did use an invitation-only photo sharing platform so that friends and family, including
those far away, could see the photos, but they stood firm, simply refusing to put their child's
photos on other social media platforms.
[ M] "For most families, ifs a journey. Sometimes it goes wrong, but most of the time it doesn,t,^^
says Swanson, who recommends starting to ask children permission to post narratives or photos
around ages 6 to 8. u We'll learn more and more what our tolerance is. We can ask our kids to
help us learn as a society whafs okay and whafs not."
[ N ] Indeed, that learning process goes both ways. Bria Dunham, a mother in Somerville,
Massachusetts, was so excited to watch a moment of brotherly bonding while her first-grader
and baby took a bath together that she snapped a few photos. But when she considered posting
them online, she took the perspective of her son: How would he feel if his classmates, parents
saw photos of him chest-up in the bathtub? u It made me think about how I am teaching him to
have ownership of his own body and how what is shared today endures into the future,"
Dunham says. " So I kept the pictures to myself and accepted this as one more step in
supporting his increasing autonomy.n
6 ・
 7

----- PAGE 191 -----
36. Steinberg argued parental sharing online can be beneficial.
37. According to an expert, when children reach school age, they can help their parents learn what
can and cannot be done.
38. One mother refrained from posting her son's photos online when she considered the matter from
her son's perspective.
39. According to a study, more children than parents think there should be rules on parents5 sharing.
40. Katlyn Burbidge had never realized she had to ask her son's approval to put his photos online.
41. A mother decided not to post her son's photo online when he asked her not to.
42. A woman pediatrician tries to help other parents by sharing her own parenting experience.
43. There are people who decide simply not to share their children's photos online.
44. Parents and physicians should realize sharing information online about children may involve risks.
45. Parents who share their parenting experiences may find themselves intruding into their children's
privacy.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
O). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Perhaps it is time fbr farmers to put their feet up now that robots are used to inspect crops, dig
up weeds, and even have become shepherds, too. Commercial growing fields are astronomically huge
and take thousands of man-hours to operate. One prime example is one of Australia's most isolated
cattle stations, Suplejack Downs in the Northern Territory, extending across 4,000 square kilometers,
taking over 13 hours to reach by car from the nearest major town—Alice Springs.
The extreme isolation of these massive farms leaves them often unattended, and monitored only
once or twice a year, which means if the livestock falls ill or requires assistance, it can be a long time
for farmers to discover.
However, robots are coming to the rescue.
6 • 8

----- PAGE 192 -----
Robots are currently under a two-year trial in Wales which will train “ farmbotsn to herd,
monitor the health of livestock, and make sure there is enough pasture for them to graze on. The
robots are equipped with many sensors to identify conditions of the environment, cattle, and food,
using thermal and vision sensors that detect changes in body temperature.
"You've also got color, texture and shape sensors looking down at the ground to check pasture
quality,says Salah Sukkarieh of the University of Sydney, who will carry out trials on several farms
in central New South Wales.
During the trials, the robot algorithms (算法)and mechanics will be fine-tuned to make it better
suited to ailing livestock and ensure it safely navigates around potential hazards including trees, mud,
swamps, and hills.
“We want to improve the quality of animal health and make it easier for farmers to maintain
large landscapes where animals roam free,n says Sukkarieh.
The robots are not limited to herding and monitoring livestock. They have been created to count
individual fruit, inspect crops, and even pull weeds.
Many robots are equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms to avoid
injuring humans as they work side by side. The robots also learn the most efficient and safest passages,
and allow engineers and farmers to analyze and better optimize the attributes and tasks of the robot, as
well as provide a live stream giving real-time feedback on exactly what is happening on the farms.
Of course, some worry lies in replacing agricultural workers. However, it is farmers that are
pushing for the advancements due to ever-increasing labor vacancies, making it difficult to maintain
large-scale operations.
The robots have provided major benefits to farmers in various ways, from hunting and pulling
weeds to monitoring the condition of every single fruit. Future farms will likely experience a greater
deal of autonomy as robots take up more and more farm work efficiently.
46. What may farmers be able to do with robots appearing on the farming scene?
A) Upgrade farm produce. 
C) Modify the genes of crops.
B) Enjoy more leisure hours. 
D) Cut down farming costs.
47. What will u farmbots" be expected to do?
A) Take up many of the farmers' routines.
B) Provide medical treatments for livestock.
C) Lead the trend in forming the world over.
D) Improve the quality of pastures for grazing.
48. What can robots do when equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms?
A) Help farmers choose the most efficient and safest passages.
B) Help farmers simplify their farming tasks and management.
C) Allow farmers to learn instantly what is occurring on the farm.
D) Allow farmers to give them real-time instructions on what to do.
6 - 9

----- PAGE 193 -----
49. Why are farmers pressing fbr robotic farming?
A) Farming costs are fast increasing. 
C) Robotic farming is the trend.
B) Robotics technology is maturing. 
D) Labor shortage is worsening.
50. What does the author think future forms will be like?
A) More and more automated. 
C) Larger and larger in scale.
B) More and more productive. 
D) Better and better in condition.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
The public must be able to understand the basics of science to make informed decisions. Perhaps
the most dramatic example of the negative consequences of poor communication between scientists
and the public is the issue of climate change, where a variety of fectors, not the least of which is a
breakdown in the transmission of fundamental climate data to the general public, has contributed to
widespread mistrust and misunderstanding of scientists and their research.
The issue of climate change also illustrates how the public acceptance and understanding of
science ( or the lack of it) can influence governmental decision-making with regard to regulation,
science policy and research funding.
However, the importance of effective communication with a general audience is not limited to
hot issues like climate change. It is also critical for socially charged neuroscience issues such as the
genetic basis fbr a particular behavior, the therapeutic potential of stem cell therapy for
neurodegenerative diseases, or the use of animal models, areas where the public understanding of
science can also influence policy and funding decisions. Furthermore, with continuing advances in
individual genome ( 基因组) sequencing and the advent of personalized medicine, more non­
scientists will need to be comfortable analyzing complex scientific information to make decisions that
directly affect their quality of life.
Science journalism is the main channel for the popularization of scientific information among the
public. Much has been written about how the relationship between scientists and the media can shape
the efficient transmission of scientific advances to the public. Good science journalists are specialists
in making complex topics accessible to a general audience, while adhering to scientific accuracy.
Unfortunately, pieces of science journalism can also oversimplify and generalize their subject
material to the point that the basic information conveyed is obscured or at worst, obviously wrong. The
impact of a basic discovery on human health can be exaggerated so that the public thinks a miraculous
cure is a few months to years away when in reality the significance of the study is far more limited.
Even though scientists play a part in transmitting information to journalists and ultimately the
public, too often the blame for ineffective communication is placed on the side of the journalists. We
believe that at least part of the problem lies in places other than the interaction between scientists and
members of the media, and exists because for one thing we underestimate how difficult it is for
scientists to communicate effectively with a diversity of audiences, and for another most scientists do
not receive formal training in science communication.
6 - 10

----- PAGE 194 -----
51. What does the example of climate change serve to show?
A) The importance of climate data is increasingly recognized.
B) Adequate government funding is vital to scientific research.
C) Government regulation helps the public understand science.
D) Common fblks, scientific knowledge can sway policy making.
52. What should non-scientists do to ensure their quality of life?
A) Seek personalized medical assistance from doctors.
B) Acquire a basic understanding of medical science.
C) Have their individual genome sequenced.
D) Make informed use of animal models.
53. Why is it important fbr scientists to build a good relationship with the media?
A) It helps them to effectively popularize new scientific information.
B) It enables the public to develop a positive attitude toward science.
C) It helps them to establish a more positive public image.
D) It enables them to apply their findings to public health.
54. What does the author say is the problem with science journalism?
A) It is keen on transmitting sensational information.
B) It tends to oversimplify people's health problems.
C) It may give inaccurate or distorted information to the public.
D) It may provide information open to different interpretations.
55. What should scientists do to impart their latest findings to the public more effectively?
A) Give training to science journalists. 
C) Seek timely assistance from the media.
B) Stimulate public interest in science. 
D) Improve their communication skills.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
近年来，中国越来越多的博物馆免费向公众开放。博物馆展览次数和参观人数都明显增
长。在一些广受欢迎的博物馆门前，排长队已很常见。这些博物馆必须采取措施限制参观人
数。如今，展览形式越来越多样。一些大型博物馆利用多媒体和虚拟现实等先进技术,使展览
更具吸引力。不少博物馆还举办在线展览，人们可在网上观赏珍稀展品。然而,现场观看展品
的体验对大多数参观者还是更具吸引力。
6 • 11

----- PAGE 195 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on how to balance work
and leisure. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 196 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2018年12月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 197 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
4) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Stop worrying about him.
B) Keep away from the statue.
扫码获音频
C) Take a picture of him.
D) Put on a smile for the photo.
2. A) Gaining great fame on the Internet.
B) Publishing a collection of his photos.
C) Collecting the best photos in the world.
D) Becoming a professional photographer.
3. A) Surfing various websites and collecting photos.
B) Editing his pictures and posting them online.
C) Following similar accounts to compare notes.
D) Studying the pictures in popular social media.
4. A) They are fer from satisfactory.
B) They are mostly taken by her mom.
C) They make an impressive album.
D) They record her fbnd memories.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) A journal reporting the latest progress in physics.
B) An introductory course of modern physics.
C) An occasion fbr physicists to exchange ideas.
D) A series of interviews with outstanding physicists.
6. A) The future of the physical world.
B) The origin of the universe.
C) Sources of radiation.
D) Particle theory.
7. A) How matter collides with anti-matter.
B) Whether the universe will turn barren.
C) Why there exists anti-matter.
D) Why there is a universe at all.
8. A) Matter and anti-matter are opposites of each other.
B) Anti-matter allowed humans to come into existence.
6 ・
 1

----- PAGE 198 -----
C) The universe formed due to a sufficient amount of matter.
D) Anti-matter exists in very high-temperature environments.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ),
C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on thepassage you have just heard.
9. A) She found herself speaking a foreign language.
B) She woke up speaking with a different accent.
C) She found some symptoms of her illness gone.
D) She woke up finding herself in another country.
10. A)It is usually caused by a stroke or brain injury.
B) It has not yet found any effective treatment.
C)It leaves the patient with a distorted memory.
D) It often happens to people with speech defects.
11. A) British. 
B) Irish. 
C) Russian. 
D) Australian.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Water sports. 
C) Stories about women swimmers.
B) Racing in rivers. 
D) Books about swimming.
13. A) She succeeded in swimming across the English Channel.
B) She published a guide to London's best swimming spots.
C) She told her story of adventures to some young swimmers.
D) She wrote a book about the history of swimwear in the UK.
14. A) They loved vacationing on the seashore.
B) They had a unique notion of modesty.
C) They were prohibited from swimming.
D) They were fully dressed when swimming.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 199 -----
15. A) She designed lots of appropriate swimwear for women.
B) She once successfully competed against men in swimming.
C) She was the first woman to swim across the English Channel.
D) She was an advocate of women's right to swim in public pools.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Build a machine that can detect lies.
B) Develop a magnetic brain scanner.
C) Test the credibility of court evidence.
D) Win people's complete trust in them.
17. A) They are optimistic about its potential.
B) They are sceptical of its reliability.
C) They think it is but business promotion.
D) They celebrate it with great enthusiasm.
18. A) It is not to be trusted at all.
B) It does not sound economical.
C) It may intrude into people's privacy.
D) It may lead to overuse in court trials.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Most of its residents speak several languages.
B) Some of its indigenous languages are dying out.
C) Each village there speaks a totally different language.
D) Its languages have interested researchers the world over.
20. A) They are spread randomly across the world.
B) Some are more difficult to learn than others.
C) More are found in tropical regions than in the mild zones.
D) They enrich and impact each other in more ways than one.
21. A) They used different methods to collect and analyze data.
B) They identified distinct patterns of language distribution.
C) Their conclusions do not correspond to their original hypotheses.
D) There is no conclusive account fbr the cause of language diversity.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 200 -----
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Its middle-class is disappearing.
B) Its wealth is rationally distributed.
C) Its population is rapidly growing.
D) Its cherished dream is coming true.
23. A) Success was but a dream without conscientious effort.
B) They could realize their dreams through hard work.
C) A few dollars could go a long way.
D) Wealth was shared by all citizens.
24. A) Better working conditions.
B) Better-paying jobs.
C) High social status.
D) Full employment.
25. A) Reduce the administrative costs.
B) Adopt effective business models.
C) Hire part-time employees only.
D) Make use of the latest technology.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than
once.
Surfing the Internet during class doesn't just steal focus from the educator; it also hurts students
who're already struggling to 
26 
the material. A new study from Michigan State University,
though, argues that all students- including high achievers- see a decline in performance when they
browse the Internet during class for non-academic purposes.
To measure the effects of Internet-based distractions during class, researchers 
27 
500
students taking an introductory psychology class at Michigan State University. Researchers used ACT
scores as a measure of intellectual 
28 
. Because previous research has shown that people with
high intellectual abilities are better at 
29 
out distractions, researchers believed students with high
ACT scores would not show a 
30 
decrease in performance due to their use of digital devices. But
students who surfed the web during class did worse on their exams regardless of their ACT scores,
suggesting that even the academically smartest students are harmed when they're distracted in class.
College professors are increasingly 
31 
alarm bells about the effects smartphones, laptops,
and tablets have on academic performance. One 2013 study of college students found that 80% of
students use their phones or laptops during class, with the average student checking their digital
6 , 4

----- PAGE 201 -----
device 11 times in a 
32 
class. A quarter of students report that their use of digital devices during
class causes their grades to 
33 
.
Professors sometimes implement policies designed to 
34 
students1 use of digital devices, and
some instructors even confiscate( 没收)tablets and phones. In a world where people are increasingly
dependent on their phones, though, such strategies often fail. One international study found that 84%
of people say they couldn't go a day without their smartphones. Until students are able to 
35 
the
pull of social networking, texting, and endlessly surfing the web, they may continue to struggle in
their classes.
A)
aptitude
I)
obscure
B)
eradication
J)
obsess
C)
evaluated
K)
raising
D)
evaporated
L)
resist
E)
filtering
M) significant
F)
grasp
N)
suffer
G)
legacy
0)
typical
H)
minimize
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
A Pioneering Woman of Science Re-emerges after 300 Years
[A] Maria Sibylla Merian, like many European women of the 17th century, stayed busy managing a
household and rearing children. But on top of that, Merian, a German-born woman who lived in
the Netherlands, also managed a successful career as an artist, botanist, naturalist and entomologist
(昆虫学家).
[B] " She was a scientist on the level with a lot of people we spend a lot of time talking about,“ said
Kay Etheridge, a biologist at Gettysburg College in Pennsylvania who has been studying the
scientific history of Merian's work. 41 She didn't do as much to change biology as Charles Darwin,
but she was significant."
[C] At a time when natural history was a valuable tool for discovery, Merian discovered facts about
plants and insects that were not previously known. Her observations helped dismiss the popular
6 - 5

----- PAGE 202 -----
belief that insects spontaneously emerged from mud. The knowledge she collected over decades
didn't just satisfy those curious about nature, but also provided valuable insights into medicine
and science. She was the first to bring together insects and their habitats, including food they ate,
into a single ecological composition.
[D] After years of pleasing a fascinated audience across Europe with books of detailed descriptions
and life-size paintings of familiar insects, in 1699 she sailed with her daughter nearly 5,000 miles
from the Netherlands to South America to study insects in the jungles of what is now known as
Suriname. She was 52 years old. The result was her masterpiece, Metamorphosis Insectorum
Surinamensium.
[E] In her work, she revealed a side of nature so exotic, dramatic and valuable to Europeans of the
time that she received much acclaim. But a century later, her findings came under scientific
criticism. S/ioddy（粗糙的）reproductions of her work along with setbacks to women's roles in
18th- and 19th-century Europe resulted in her efforts being largely forgotten. "It was kind of
stunning when she sort of dropped off into ob/ioiozi（遗忘）," said Dr. Etheridge. 41 Victorians
started putting women in a box, and they're still trying to crawl out of it.”
[F] Today, the pioneering woman of the sciences has re-emerged. In recent years, feminists, historians
and artists have all praised Merian's tenacity（坚韧）, talent and inspirational artistic compositions.
And now biologists like Dr. Etheridge are digging into the scientific texts that accompanied her
art. Three hundred years after her death, Merian will be celebrated at an international symposium
in Amsterdam this June.
[G] And last month, Metamorphosis Insectorum Surinamensium was republished. It contains 60 plates
（插图）and original descriptions, along with stories about Merian's life and updated scientific
descriptions. Before writing Metamorphosis, Merian spent decades documenting European plants
and insects that she published in a series of books. She began in her 20s, making textless,
decorative paintings of flowers with insects. "Then she got really serious," Dr. Etheridge said.
Merian started raising insects at home, mostly butterflies and caterpillars. " She would sit up all
night until they came out of the pupa （蛹）so she could draw them,“ she said.
[H] The results of her decades5 worth of careful observations were detailed paintings and descriptions
of European insects, followed by unconventional visuals and stories of insects and animals from a
land that most at the time could only imagine. Ifs possible Merian used a magnifying glass to
capture the detail of the split tongues of sphinx moths （斯芬克斯飞蛾）depicted in the painting.
She wrote that the two tongues combine to form one tube for drinking nectar （花蜜）. Some
criticized this detail later, saying there was just one tongue, but Merian wasn't wrong. She may
have observed the adult moth just as it emerged from its pupa. For a brief moment during that
stage of its life cycle, the tongue consists of two tiny half-tubes before merging into one.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 203 -----
[I] It may not have been ladylike to depict a giant spider devouring a hummingbird, but when Merian
did it at the turn of the 18th century, surprisingly, nobody objected. Dr. Etheridge called it
revolutionary. The image, which also contained novel descriptions of ants, fescinated a European
audience that was more concerned with the exotic story unfolding before them than the gender of
the person who painted it.
[J] u All of these things shook up their nice, neat little view," Dr. Etheridge said. But later, people of
the Victorian era thought differently. Her work had been reproduced, sometimes incorrectly. A
few observations were deemed impossible. " She'd been called a silly woman for saying that a
spider could eat a bird," Dr. Etheridge said. But Henry Walter Bates, a friend of Charles Darwin,
observed it and put it in book in 1863, proving Merian was correct.
[K] In the same plate, Merian depicted and described leaf-cutter ants for the first time. u In America
there are large ants which can eat whole trees bare as a broom handle in a single night,n she
wrote in the description. Merian noted how the ants took the leaves below ground to their young.
And she wouldn't have known this at the time, but the ants use the leaves to farm fungi （菌类）
underground to feed their developing babies.
[L] Merian was correct about the giant bird-eating spiders, ants building bridges with their bodies and
other details. But in the same drawing, she incorrectly lumped together army and leaf-cutter ants.
And instead of showing just the typical pair of eggs in a hummingbird nest, she painted four. She
made other mistakes in Metamorphosis Insectorum Surinamensium as well: not every caterpillar
and butterfly matched.
[M] Perhaps one explanation for her mistakes is that she cut short her Suriname trip after getting sick,
and completed the book at home in Amsterdam. And errors are common among some of history's
most-celebrated scientific minds, too. These errors no more invalidate Ms. Merian's work than
do well-known misconceptions published by Charles Darwin or Isaac Newton," Dr. Etheridge
wrote in a paper that argued that too many have wrongly focused on the mistakes of her work.
[N] Merian's paintings inspired artists and ecologists. In an 1801 drawing from his book, General
Zoology Amphibia, George Shaw, an English botanist and zoologist, credited Merian fbr
describing a frog in the account of her South American expedition, and named the young tree
frog after her in his portrayal of it. It wouldn't be fair to give Merian all the credit. She received
assistance naming plants, making sketches and referencing the work of others. Her daughters
helped her color her drawings.
[O] Merian also made note of the help she received from the natives of Suriname, as well as slaves or
servants that assisted her. In some instances she wrote moving passages that included her helpers
in descriptions. As she wrote in her description of the peacock flower, u The Indians, who are not
6 - 7

----- PAGE 204 -----
treated well by their Dutch masters, use the seeds to abort their children, so that they will not
become slaves like themselves. The black slaves from Guinea and Angola have demanded to be
well treated, threatening to refuse to have children. In fact, they sometimes take their own lives
because they are treated so badly, and because they believe they will be born again, free and
living in their own land. They told me this themselves.n
[P] Londa Schiebinger, a professor of the history of science at Stanford University, called this passage
rather astonishing. Ifs particularly striking centuries later when these issues are still prominent in
public discussions about social justice and women's rights. " She was ahead of her time," Dr.
Etheridge said.
36. Merian was the first scientist to study a type of American ant.
37. The European audience was more interested in Merian's drawings than her gender.
38. Merian's masterpiece came under attack a century after its publication.
39. Merian's mistakes in her drawings may be attributed to her shortened stay in South America.
40. Merian often sat up the whole night through to observe and draw insects.
41. Merian acknowledged the help she got from natives of South America.
42. Merian contributed greatly to people's better understanding of medicine and science.
43. Merian occasionally made mistakes in her drawings of insects and birds.
44. Now, Marian's role as a female forerunner in sciences has been re-established.
45. Merian made a long voyage to South America to study jungle insects over three centuries ago.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
JD). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
While human achievements in mathematics continue to reach new levels of complexity, many of
6 • 8

----- PAGE 205 -----
us who aren't mathematicians at heart (or engineers by trade) may struggle to remember the last time
we used calculus (微积分).
Ifs a fact not lost on American educators, who amid rising math failure rates are debating how
math can better meet the real-life needs of students. Should we change the way math is taught in
schools, or eliminate some courses entirely?
Andrew Hacker, Queens College political science professor, thinks that advanced algebra and
other higher-level math should be cut from curricula in favor of courses with more routine usefulness,
like statistics.
“We hear on all sides that we're not teaching enough mathematics, and the Chinese are running
rings around us,“ Hacker says. "I'm suggesting we're teaching too much mathematics to too many
people... not everybody has to know calculus. If you're going to become an aeronautical (航空的)
engineer, fine. But most of us aren,t.^^
Instead, Hacker is pushing for more courses like the one he teaches at Queens College:
Numeracy 101. There, his students of u citizen statistics" learn to analyze public information like the
federal budget and corporate reports. Such courses, Hacker argues, are a remedy for the numerical
illiteracy of adults who have completed high-level math like algebra but are unable to calculate the
price of, say, a carpet by area.
Hackefs argument has met with opposition from other math educators who say whafs needed is
to help students develop a better relationship with math earlier, rather than teaching them less math
altogether.
Maria Droujkova is a founder of Natural Math, and has taught basic calculus concepts to 5-year-
olds. For Droujkova, high-level math is important, and what it could use in American classrooms is
an injection of childlike wonder.
“Make mathematics more available/5 Droujkova says. 44Redesign it so it's more accessible to
more kinds of people: young children, adults who worry about it, adults who may have had bad
experiences."
Pamela Harris, a lecturer at the University of Texas at Austin , has a similar perspective. Harris
says that American education is suffering from an epidemic o ffa k e  math”- an emphasis on the rote
memorization (死 3己硬背) of formulas and steps, rather than an understanding of how math can
influence the ways we see the world.
Andrew Hacker, for the record, remains skeptical.
"I'm going to leave it to those who are in mathematics to work out the ways to make their
subject interesting and exciting so students want to take it,“ Hacker says. " All that I ask is that
alternatives be offered instead of putting all of us on the road to calculus."
46. What does the author say about ordinary Americans?
A) They struggle to solve math problems.
B) They think math is a complex subject.
C) They find high-level math of little use.
D) They work hard to learn high-level math.
6 - 9

----- PAGE 206 -----
47. What is the general complaint about America's math education according to Hacker?
A) America is not doing as well as China.
B) Math professors are not doing a good job.
C) It doesn't help students develop their literacy.
D) There has hardly been any innovation fbr years.
48. What does Andrew Hackefs Numeracy 101 aim to do?
A) Allow students to learn high-level math step by step.
B) Enable students to make practical use of basic math.
C) Lay a solid foundation fbr advanced math studies.
D) Help students to develop their analytical abilities.
49. What does Maria Droujkova suggest math teachers do in class?
A) Make complex concepts easy to understand.
B) Start teaching children math at an early age.
C) Help children work wonders with calculus.
D) Try to arouse students5 curiosity in math.
50. What does Pamela Harris think should be the goal of math education?
A) To enable learners to understand the world better.
B) To help learners to tell feke math from real math.
C) To broaden Americans, perspectives on math.
D) To exert influence on world development.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
For years, the U. S. has experienced a shortage of registered nurses. The Bureau of Labor
Statistics projects that while the number of nurses will increase by 19 percent by 2022, demand will
grow faster than supply, and that there will be over one million unfilled nursing jobs by then.
So whafs the solution? Robots.
Japan is ahead of the curve when it comes to this trend. Toyohashi University of Technology has
developed Terapio, a robotic medical cart that can make hospital rounds, deliver medications and
other items, and retrieve records. It follows a specific individual, such as a doctor or nurse, who can
use it to record and access patient data. This type of robot will likely be one of the first to be
implemented in hospitals because it has fairly minimal patient contact.
Robots capable of social engagement help with loneliness as well as cognitive functioning, but
the robot itself doesn't have to engage directly—it can serve as an intermediary for human
communication. Telepresence robots such as MantaroBot, Vgo, and Giraff can be controlled through a
computer, smartphone, or tablet, allowing family members or doctors to remotely monitor patients or
6 - 10

----- PAGE 207 -----
Skype them, often via a screen where the robot's ' face5 would be. If you can't get to the nursing
home to visit grandma, you can use a telepresence robot to hang out with her. A 2016 study found
that users had a “ consistently positive attitude“ about the Giraff robofs ability to enhance
communication and decrease feelings of loneliness.
A robofs appearance affects its ability to successfully interact with humans, which is why the
RIKEN-TRI Collaboration Center for Human-Interactive Robot Research decided to develop a robotic
nurse that looks like a huge teddy bear. RIBA (Robot for Interactive Body Assistance), also known as
“ Robear,“ can help patients into and out of wheelchairs and beds with its strong arms.
On the less cute and more scary side there is Actroid F, which is so human-like that some
patients may not know the difference. This conversational robot companion has cameras in its eyes,
which allow it to track patients and use appropriate facial expressions and body language in its
interactions. During a month-long hospital trial, researchers asked 70 patients how they felt being
around the robot and u only three or four said they didn't like having it around."
Ifs important to note that robotic nurses don't decide courses of treatment or make diagnoses
(though robot doctors and surgeons may not be far off). Instead, they perform routine and laborious
tasks, freeing nurses up to attend to patients with immediate needs. This is one industry where it
seems the integration of robots will lead to collaboration, not replacement.
51. What does the author say about Japan?
A) It delivers the best medications fbr the elderly.
B) It takes the lead in providing robotic care.
C) It provides retraining fbr registered nurses.
D) It sets the trend in future robotics technology.
52. What do we learn about the robot Terapio?
A) It has been put to use in many Japanese hospitals.
B) It provides specific individualized care to patients.
C) It does not have much direct contact with patients.
D) It has not revolutionized medical service in Japan.
53. What are telepresence robots designed to do?
A) Directly interact with patients to prevent them from feeling lonely.
B) Cater to the needs of patients for recovering their cognitive capacity.
C) Closely monitor the patients, movements and conditions around the clock.
D) Facilitate communication between patients and doctors or family members.
54. What is one special feature of the robot Actroid F?
A) It interacts with patients just like a human companion.
B) It operates quietly without patients realizing its presence.
C) It likes to engage in everyday conversations with patients.
6 • 11

----- PAGE 208 -----
D) It uses body language even more effectively than words.
55. What can we infer from the last paragraph?
A) Doctors and surgeons will soon be laid off.
B) The robotics industry will soon take off.
C) Robots will not make nurses redundant.
D) Collaboration will not replace competition.
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
中国越来越重视公共图书馆，并鼓励人们充分加以利用。新近公布的统计数字表明，中国
的公共图书馆数量在逐年增长。许多图书馆通过翻新和扩建，为读者创造了更为安静、舒适的
环境。大型公共图书馆不仅提供种类繁多的参考资料，而且定期举办讲座、展览等活动。近年
来，也出现了许多数字图书馆，从而节省了存放图书所需的空间。一些图书馆还推出了自助服
务系统，使读者借书还书更加方便，进一步满足了读者的需求。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 209 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on how to balance job
responsibilities and personal interests. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 210 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2018年12月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 211 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
? 
特别说明 
分
l 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
I
I 第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
V^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » 7 1
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er S h ee t 2  with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
In whafs probably the craziest headline Fve ever written, Fve reported that 
26 
in livestock
protection are happening with scientists painting eyes on the butts of cows. The experiment is based
upon the idea that farmers who're protecting their herd from lions would shoot and kill lions in an
effort to protect their livestock. While this makes a lot of sense, it results in many lion deaths that
27 
would have been unnecessary. Researchers in Australia have been 
28 
and testing a method
of trickery to make lions think they are being watched by the painted eyes on cow butts.
This idea is based on the principle that lions and other 
29 
are far less likely to attack when they
feel they are being watched. As conservation areas become smaller, lions are increasingly coming into
contact with human populations, which are expanding to the 
30 
of these protected areas.
Efforts like painting eyes on cow butts may seem crazy at first, but they could make actual
headway in the fight for conservation. "If the method works, it could provide farmers in Botswana —
and 
31 
-  with a low-cost, sustainable tool to protect their livestock, and a way to keep lions
safe from being killed."
Lions are 
32 
ambush ( 埋伏) hunters, so when they feel their prey has 
33 
them, they
usually give up on the hunt. Researchers are 
34 
testing their idea on a select herd of cattle. They
have painted half of the cows with eyes and left the other half as normal. Through satellite tracking of
both the herd and the lions in the area, they will be able to 
35 
if their psychological trickery will
work to help keep farmers from shooting lions.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 212 -----
A) advances
I) otherwise
B) boundaries
J) predators
C) challenging
K) primarily
D) currently
L) retorted
E) determine
M) spotted
F) devising
N) testimonies
G) elsewhere
H) nevertheless
0) wrestle
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Resilience Is About How You Recharge, Not How You Endure
[A ] As constant travelers and parents of a 2-year-old, we sometimes fantasize about how much work
we can do when one of us gets on a plane, undistracted by phones, friends, or movies. We race
to get all our ground work done: packing, going through security, doing a last-minute work call,
calling each other, then boarding the plane. Then, when we try to have that amazing work
session in flight, we get nothing done. Even worse, after refreshing our email or reading the
same studies over and over, we are too exhausted when we land to soldier on with ( 继续处理)
the emails that have inevitably still piled up.
[ B] Why should flying deplete us? We're just sitting there doing nothing. Why can't we be tougher
— more resilient (有复原力的)and determined in our work so we can accomplish all of the
goals we set for ourselves? Based on our current research, we have come to realize that the
problem is not our hectic schedule or the plane travel itself; the problem comes from a
misconception of what it means to be resilient, and the resulting impact of overworking.
[ C] We often take a militaristic, “ tough“ approach to resilience and determination like a Marine
pulling himself through the mud, a boxer going one more round, or a football player picking
himself up off the ground for one more play. We believe that the longer we tough it out, the
tougher we are, and therefore the more successful we will be. However, this entire conception is
scientifically inaccurate.
[D] The very lack of a recovery period is dramatically holding back our collective ability to be
6 • 2

----- PAGE 213 -----
resilient and successful. Research has found that there is a direct correlation between lack of
recovery and increased incidence of health and safety problems. And lack of recovery 一
whether by disrupting sleep with thoughts of work or having continuous cognitive arousal by
watching our phones — is costing our companies $ 62 billion a year in lost productivity.
[ E] And just because work stops, it doesn't mean we are recovering. We “ stop" work sometimes at
5 pm, but then we spend the night wrestling with solutions to work problems, talking about our
work over dinner, and falling asleep thinking about how much work well do tomorrow. In a
study just released, researchers from Norway found that 7.8% of Norwegians have become
workaholics （工作狂）. The scientists cite a definition of “ workaholism" as " being overly
concerned about work, driven by an uncontrollable work motivation, and investing so much
time and effort in work that it impairs other important life areas.”
[F] We believe that the number of people who fit that definition includes the majority of American
workers, which prompted us to begin a study of workaholism in the U.S. Our study will use a
large corporate dataset from a major medical company to examine how technology extends our
working hours and thus interferes with necessary cognitive recovery, resulting in huge health
care costs and turnover costs fbr employers.
[ G] The misconception of resilience is often bred from an early age. Parents trying to teach their children
resilience might celebrate a high school student staying up until 3 am to finish a science fair project.
What a distortion of resilience! A resilient child is a well-rested one. When an exhausted student
goes to school, he risks hurting everyone on the road with his impaired driving; he doesn't have the
cognitive resources to do well on his English test; he has lower seli-control with his friends; and at
home, he is moody with his parents. Overwork and exhaustion are the opposite of resilience and
the bad habits we acquire when we're young only magnify when we hit the workforce.
[H] As Jim Loehr and Tony Schwartz have written, if you have too much time in the performance
zone, you need more time in the recovery zone, otherwise you risk burnout. Gathering your
resources to “ try hard” requires burning energy in order to overcome your currently low
arousal level. It also worsens exhaustion. Thus the more imbalanced we become due to
overworking, the more value there is in activities that allow us to return to a state of balance.
The value of a recovery period rises in proportion to the amount of work required of us.
[I] So how do we recover and build resilience? Most people assume that if you stop doing a task
like answering emails or writing a paper, your brain will naturally recover, so that when you start
again later in the day or the next morning, you'll have your energy back. But surely everyone
reading this has had times when you lie in bed fbr hours, unable to fall asleep because your brain
is thinking about work. If you lie in bed for eight hours, you may have rested, but you can still
feel exhausted the next day. Thafs because rest and recovery are not the same thing.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 214 -----
[J] If you're trying to build resilience at work, you need adequate internal and external recovery
periods. As researchers Zijlstra, Cropley and Rydstedt write in their 2014 paper: u Internal recovery
refers to the shorter periods of relaxation that take place within the frames of the work day or the
work setting in the form of short scheduled or unscheduled breaks, by shifting attention or
changing to other work tasks when the mental or physical resources required for the initial task are
temporarily depleted or exhausted. External recovery refers to actions that take place outside of
work一e.g. in the free time between the work days, and during weekends, holidays or vacations/'
If after work you lie around on your bed and get irritated by political commentary on your phone
or get stressed thinking about decisions about how to renovate your home, your brain has not
received a break from high mental arousal states. Our brains need a rest as much as our bodies do.
[K ] If you really want to build resilience, you can start by strategically stopping. Give yourself the
resources to be tough by creating internal and external recovery periods. Amy Blankson describes
how to strategically stop during the day by using technology to control overworking. She
suggests downloading the Instant or Moment apps to see how many times you turn on your phone
each day. You can also use apps like Offiime or Unplugged to create tech free zones by strategically
scheduling automatic airplane modes. The average person turns on their phone 150 times every day.
If every distraction took only 1 minute, that would account for 2.5 hours a day.
[L ] In addition, you can take a cognitive break every 90 minutes to charge your batteries. Try to not
have lunch at your desk, but instead spend time outside or with your friends -  not talking about
work. Take all of your paid time off, which not only gives you recovery periods, but raises your
productivity and likelihood of promotion.
[ M] As for us, we've started using our plane time as a work-free zone, and thus time to dip into the
recovery phase. The results have been fantastic. We are usually tired already by the time we get
on a plane, and the crowded space and unstable internet connection make work more
challenging. Now, instead of swimming upstream, we relax, sleep, watch movies, or listen to
music. And when we get off the plane, instead of being depleted, we feel recovered and ready
to return to the performance zone.
36. It has been found that inadequate recovery often leads to poor health and accidents.
37. Mental relaxation is much needed, just as physical relaxation is.
38. Adequate rest not only helps one recover, but also increases one's work efficiency.
39. The author always has a hectic time before taking a flight.
40. Recovery may not take place even if one seems to have stopped working.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 215 -----
41. It is advised that technology be used to prevent people from overworking.
42. Contrary to popular belief, rest does not equal recovery.
43. The author has come to see that this problem results from a misunderstanding of the meaning of
resilience.
44. People's distorted view about resilience may have developed from their upbringing.
45. People tend to think the more determined they are, the greater their success will be.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Children with attention problems in early childhood were 40% less likely to graduate from high
school, says a new study from Duke University.
The study included 386 kindergarteners from schools in the Fast Track Project, a multi-site
clinical trial in the U.S. that in 1991 began tracking how children developed across their lives.
With this study, researchers examined early academic attention and socio-emotional skills and
how each contributed to academic success into young adulthood.
They found that early attention skills were the most consistent predictor of academic success, and
that likability by peers also had a modest effect on academic performance.
By fifth grade, children with early attention difficulties had lower grades and reading achievement
scores than their peers. As fifth-graders, children with early attention problems obtained average reading
scores at least 3% lower than their contemporaries, and grades at least 8% lower than those of their
peers. This was after controlling for IQ, socio-economic status and academic skills at school entry.
Although these may not seem like large effects, the impact of early attention problems continued
throughout the children's academic careers. Lower reading achievement scores and grades in fifth
grade contributed to reduced grades in middle school and thereby contributed to a 40% lower high
school graduation rate.
“The children we identified as having attention difficulties were not diagnosed with attention
deficit hyperactivity disorder (注意力缺乏多动症) ( ADHD), although some may have had the
disorder. Our findings suggest that even more modest attention difficulties can increase the risk of
negative academic outcomes,v said David Rabiner, an associate dean of Duke's Trinity College of
6 - 5

----- PAGE 216 -----
Arts & Sciences, whose research has focused on ADHD and interventions to improve academic
performance in children with attention difficulties.
Social acceptance by peers in early childhood also predicted grades in fifth grade. Children not
as liked by their first-grade peers had slightly lower grades in fifth grade, while those with higher
social acceptance had higher grades.
“This study shows the importance of so-called ' non-cognitive' or soft skills in contributing to
children's positive peer relationships, which, in turn, contribute to their academic success," said
Kenneth Dodge, director of the Duke Center for Child and Family Policy.
The results highlight the need to develop effective early interventions to help those with attention
problems stay on track academically and for educators to encourage positive peer relationships, the
researchers said.
"We're learning that student success requires a more comprehensive approach, one that
incorporates not only academic skills but also social, self-regulatory and attention skills," Dodge said.
“If we neglect any of these areas, the child's development lags. If we attend to these areas, a child's
success may reinforce itself with positive feedback loops."
46. What is the focus of the new study from Duke University?
A) The contributors to children's early attention.
B) The predictors of children's academic success.
C) The factors that affect children's emotional well-being.
D) The determinants of children's development of social skills.
47. How did the researchers ensure that their findings are valid?
A) By attaching equal importance to all possible variables examined.
B) By collecting as many typical samples as were necessary.
C) By preventing them from being affected by factors not under study.
D) By focusing on the family background of the children being studied.
48. What do we learn from the findings of the Duke study?
A) Modest students are generally more attentive than their contemporaries.
B) There are more children with attention difficulties than previously thought.
C) Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder accounts for most academic failures.
D) Children's academic performance may suffer from even slight inattention.
49. What does the Duke study find about children better accepted by peers?
A) They do better academically. 
C) They are teachers, favorites.
B) They are easy to get on with. 
D) They care less about grades.
50. What can we conclude from the Duke study?
A) Children's success is related to their learning environment.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 217 -----
B) School curriculum should cover a greater variety of subjects.
C) Social skills are playing a key role in children's development.
D) An all-round approach should be adopted in school education.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
On Jan. 9, 2007, Steve Jobs formally announced Apple's u revolutionary mobile phone”-  a
device that combined the functionality of an iPod, phone and Internet communication into a single
unit, navigated by touch.
It was a huge milestone in the development of smartphones, which are now owned by a majority
of American adults and are increasingly common across the globe.
As smartphones have multiplied, so have questions about their impact on how we live and how
we work. Often the advantages of convenient, mobile technology are both obvious and taken fbr
granted, leaving more subtle topics fbr concerned discussion: Are smartphones disturbing children's
sleep? Is an inability to get away from work having a negative impact on health? And what are the
implications for privacy?
But today, on the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, lets take a moment to consider a less obvious
advantage: the potential fbr smartphone technology to revolutionize behavioral science. Thafs
because, fbr the first time in human history, a large proportion of the species is in continuous contact
with technology that can record key features of an individual's behavior and environment.
Researchers have already begun to use smartphones in social scientific research, either to query
people regularly as they engage in their normal lives or to record activity using the device's built-in
sensors. These studies are confirming, challenging and extending whafs been found using more
traditional approaches, in which people report how they behaved in real life or participate in relatively
short and artificial laboratory-based tasks.
Such studies are just first steps. As more data are collected and methods for analysis improve,
researchers will be in a better position to identify how different experiences, behaviors and
environments relate to each other and evolve over time, with the potential to improve people's
productivity and wellbeing in a variety of domains. Beyond revealing population-wide patterns, the
right combination of data and analysis can also help individuals identify unique characteristics of their
own behavior, including conditions that could indicate the need for some form of intervention- such
as an unusual increase in behaviors that signal a period of depression.
Smartphone-based data collection comes at an appropriate time in the evolution of psychological
science. Today, the field is in transition, moving away from a fbcus on laboratory studies with
undergraduate participants towards more complex, real-world situations studied with more diverse
groups of people. Smartphones offer new tools fbr achieving these ambitions, providing rich data
about everyday behaviors in a variety of contexts.
So here's another way in which smartphones might transform the way we live and work: by
offering insights into human psychology and behavior and, thus, supporting smarter social science.
6 ・
 7

----- PAGE 218 -----
51. What does the author say about the negative impact of smartphones?
A) It has been overshadowed by the positive impact.
B) It has more often than not been taken for granted.
C) It is not so obvious but has caused some concern.
D) It is subtle but should by no means be overstated.
52. What is considered a less obvious advantage of smartphone technology?
A) It systematically records real human interactions.
B) It helps people benefit from technological advances.
C) It brings people into closer contact with each other.
D) It greatly improves research on human behavior.
53. What characterizes traditional psychological research?
A) It is based on huge amounts of carefully collected data.
B) It relies on lab observations and participants7 reports.
C) It makes use of the questionnaire method.
D) It is often expensive and time-consuming.
54. How will future psychological studies benefit individuals?
A) By helping them pin down their unusual behaviors.
B) By helping them maintain a positive state of mind.
C) By helping them live their lives in a unique way.
D) By helping them cope with abnormal situations.
55. What do we learn about current psychological studies?
A) They are going through a period of painful transition.
B) They are increasingly focused on real-life situations.
C) They are conducted in a more rigorous manner.
D) They are mainly targeted towards undergraduates.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
近年来，中国政府进一步加大体育馆建设投资，以更好地满足人们快速增长的健身需求。
除了新建体育馆外,许多城市还采取了改造旧工厂和商业建筑等措施，来增加当地体育馆的数
量。在政府资金的支持下，越来越多的体育馆向公众免费开放，或者只收取少量费用。许多体
育馆通过应用现代信息技术大大提高了服务质量。人们可以方便地在线预订场地和付费。可
以预见，随着运动设施的不断完善,愈来愈多的人将会去体育馆健身。
6 - 8

----- PAGE 219 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on how to balance
academic study and extracurricular activities. You should write at least 150 words
but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 220 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2019年6 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 221 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) A six-month-long negotiation.
B) Preparations for the party.
C) A project with a troublesome client.
D) Gift wrapping fbr the colleagues.
2. A) Take wedding photos.
B) Advertise her company.
3. A) Hesitant.
B) Nervous.
4. A) Start her own bakery.
B) Improve her baking skill.
C) Start a small business.
D) Throw a celebration party.
C) Flattered.
D) Surprised.
C) Share her cooking experience.
D) Prepare for the wedding.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They have to spend more time studying.
B) They have to participate in club activities.
C) They have to be more responsible fbr what they do.
D) They have to choose a specific academic discipline.
6. A) Get ready for a career. 
C) Set a long-term goal.
B) Make a lot of friends. 
D) Behave Hke adults.
7. A) Those who share her academic interests.
B) Those who respect her student commitments.
C) Those who can help her when she is in need.
D) Those who go to the same clubs as she does.
8. A) Those helpful fbr tapping their potential.
B) Those conducive to improving their social skills.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 222 -----
C) Those helpful for cultivating individual interests.
D) Those conducive to their academic studies.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) ,B) , C)
and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They break away from traditional ways of thinking.
B) They are prepared to work harder than anyone else.
C) They are good at refining old fbmiulas.
D) They bring their potential into full play.
10. A) They contributed to the popularity of skiing worldwide.
B) They resulted in a brand-new style of skiing technique.
C) They promoted the scientific use of skiing poles.
D) They made explosive news in the sports world.
11. A) He was recognized as a genius in the world of sports.
B) He competed in all major skiing events in the world.
C) He won three gold medals in one Winter Olympics.
D) He broke three world skiing records in three years.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) They appear restless. 
C) They become upset.
B) They lose consciousness. 
D) They die almost instantly.
13. A) It has an instant effect on your body chemistry.
B) It keeps returning to you every now and then.
C) It leaves you with a long lasting impression.
D) It contributes to the shaping of your mind.
14. A) To succeed while feeling irritated.
B) To feel happy without good health.
C) To be free from frustration and failure.
6 ・ 2

----- PAGE 223 -----
D) To enjoy good health while in dark moods.
15. A) They are closely connected.
B) They function in a similar way.
C) They are too complex to understand.
D) They reinforce each other constantly.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked 4 ) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They differ m their appreciation of music.
B) They focus their attention on different things.
C) They finger the piano keys in different ways.
D) They choose different pieces of music to play.
17. A) They manage to cooperate well with their teammates.
B) They use effective tactics to defeat their competitors.
C) They try hard to meet the spectators5 expectations.
D) They attach great importance to high performance.
18. A) It marks a breakthrough in behavioral science.
B) It adopts a conventional approach to research.
C) It supports a piece of conventional wisdom.
D) It gives rise to controversy among experts
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording
19. A) People's envy of slim models.
B) People's craze for good health.
C) The increasing range of fancy products.
D) The great variety of slimming products.
20. A) They appear vigorous.
B) They appear strange.
21. A) Culture and upbringing.
B) Wealth and social status.
you have just heard.
C) They look charming.
D) They look unhealthy.
C) Peer pressure.
D) Media influence.
6 , 3

----- PAGE 224 -----
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) The relation between hair and skin.
B) The growing interest in skin studies.
C) The color of human skin.
D) The need of skin protection.
23. A) The necessity to save energy.
B) Adaptation to the hot environment.
C) The need to breathe with ease.
D) Dramatic climate changes on earth.
24. A) Leaves and grass.
B) Man-made shelter.
C) Their skin coloring.
D) Hair on their skin.
25. A) Their genetic makeup began to change.
B) Their communities began to grow steadily.
C) Their children began to mix with each other.
D) Their pace of evolution began to quicken.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten, blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er S heet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than
once.
Pasta is no longer off the menu, after a new review of studies suggested that the carbohydrate
can form part of a healthy diet, and even help people lose weight. For years, nutritionists have
recommended that pasta be kept to a 
26 
, to cut calories, prevent fat build-up and stop blood
sugar 
27 
up.
The low-carbohydrate food movement gave birth to such diets as the Atkins, Paleo and Keto,
which advised swapping foods like bread, pasta and potatoes for vegetables, fish and meat. More
recently the trend of swapping spaghetti fbr vegetables has been 
28 
by clean-eating experts.
But now a 
29 
review and analysis of 30 studies by Canadian researchers found that not
only does pasta not cause weight gain, but three meals a week can help people drop more than half a
kilogram over four months. The reviewers found that pasta had been unfairly demonized (妖魔 d匕)
because it had been 
30 
in with other, more fat-promoting carbohydrates.
“The study found that pasta didn't 
31 
to weight gain or increase in body fat,n said lead
author Dr John Sievenpiper. "In 
32 
the evidence, we can now say with some confidence that
6 , 4

----- PAGE 225 -----
pasta does not have an 
33 
effect on body weight outcomes when it is consumed as part of a
healthy dietary pattern.In fact, analysis actually showed a small weight loss 
34 
to concerns.
Perhaps pasta can be part of a healthy diet.
Those involved in the 
35 
trials on average ate 3.3 servings of pasta a week instead of other
carbohydrates, one serving equaling around half a cup. They lost around half a kilogram over an
average follow-up of 12 weeks.
A) adverse
I) minimum
B) championed
J) radiating
C) clinical
K) ration
D) contrary
L) shooting
E) contribute
M) subscribe
F) intimate
N) systematic
G) lumped
H) magnified
0) weighing
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2 .
The Best Retailers Combine Bricks and Clicks
[A] Retail profits are falling sharply. Stores are closing. Malls are emptying. The depressing stories
just keep coming. Reading the earnings announcements of large retail stores like Macy's,
Nordstrom, and Target is about as uplifting as a tour of an intensive care unit. The Internet is
apparently taking down yet another industry. Brick and mortar stores (实体店)seem to be going
the way of the yellow pages. Sure enough, the Census Bureau just released data showing that
online retail sales surged 15.2 percent between the first quarter of 2015 and the first quarter
of 2016.
[B] But before you dump all of your retail stocks, there are more facts you should consider. Looking
only at that 15.2 percent “ surge“ would be misleading. It was an increase that was on a small
base of 6.9 percent. Even when a tiny number grows by a large percentage terms, it is often still
tiny.
6 ・ 5

----- PAGE 226 -----
[C] More than 20 years after the Internet was opened to commerce, the Census Bureau tells us that
brick and mortar sales accounted fbr 92.3 percent of retail sales in the first quarter of 2016. Their
data show that only 0.8 percent of retail sales shifted from offline to online between the beginning
of 2015 and 2016.
[D] So, despite all the talk about dnme（无人机）deliveries to your doorstep, all the retail executives
expressing anxiety over consumers going online, and even a Presidential candidate exclaiming
that Amazon has a u huge antitrust problem,v the Census data suggest that physical retail is
thriving. Of course, the closed stores, depressed executives, and sinking stocks suggest otherwise.
Whafs the real story?
[E] Many firms operating brick and mortar stores are in trouble. The retail industry is getting
reinvented, as we describe in our new book Matchmakers. Ifs standing in the path of what
Schumpeter called a ga/e（大风）of creative destruction. That storm has been brewing fbr some
time, and as it has reached gale force, most large retailers are searching fbr a response. As the
CFO of Macy's put it recently, "We're frankly scratching our heads.”
[F] But it's not happening as experts predicted. In the peak of the 
 bubble, brick-and-mortar
retail was one of those industries the Internet was going to kill- and quickly. The 
 bust
discredited most predictions of that sort. And in the years that followed, conventional retailers'
confidence in the future increased as Census continued to report weak online sales. And then the
gale hit.
dot.com
dot.com
[G] It is becoming increasingly clear that retail reinvention isn't a simple battle to the death between
bricks and clicks. It is about devising retail models that work for people who are making
increasing use of a growing array of Internet-connected tools to change how they search, shop,
and buy. Creative retailers are using the new technologies to innovate just about everything stores
do from managing inventory, to marketing, to getting paid.
[H] More than drones dropping a new supply of underwear on your doorstep, Apple's massively
successful brick-and-mortar-and-glass retail stores and Amazon's small steps in the same direction
are what should keep old-fashioned retailers awake at night. Not to mention the large number of
creative new retailers, like Bonobos, that are blending online and offline experiences in creative
ways.
[I] Retail reinvention is not a simple process, and ifs also not happening on what used to be called
u Internet Time.^^ Some Internet-driven changes have happened quickly, of course. Craigslist
quickly overtook newspaper classified ads and turned newspaper economics upside down. But
many widely anticipated changes weren't quick, and some haven't really started. With the benefit
of hindsight （后见之明）,it looks like the Internet will transform the economy at something like
6 , 6

----- PAGE 227 -----
the pace of other great inventions like electricity. B2B commerce, for example, didn't move
mainly online by 2005 as many had predicted in 2000, nor even by 2016, but that doesn't mean it
won't do so over the next few decades.
[J] But the gale is still blowing. The sudden decline in foot traffic in recent years, even though it
hasn't been accompanied by a massive decline in physical sales, is a critical warning. People can
shop more efficiently online and therefore don't need to go to as many stores to find what they
want. There's a surplus of physical shopping space for the crowds, which is one reason why
stores are downsizing and closing.
[K] The rise of the mobile phone has recently added a new level of complexity to the process of retail
reinvention. Even five years ago most people faced a choice. Sit at your computer, probably at
home or at the office, search and browse, and buy. Or head out to the mall, or Main Street, look
and shop, and buy. Now, just about everyone has a smartphone, connected to the Internet almost
everywhere almost all the time. Even when a retailer gets a customer to walk in the store, she can
easily see if there's a better deal online or at another store nearby.
[L] So far, the main thing many large retailers have done in response to all this is to open online
stores, so people will come to them directly rather than to Amazon and its smaller online rivals.
Many are having the same problem that newspapers have had. Even if they get online traffic, they
struggle to make enough money online to compensate for what they are losing offline.
[M] A few seem to be making this work. Among large traditional retailers,Walmart recently reported
the best results, leading its stock price to surge, while Macy's, Target, and Nordstrom's dropped.
Yet Walmart5s year-over-year online sales only grew 7 percent, leading its CEO to lament （哀叹）,
u Growth here is too slow." Part of the problem is that almost two decades after Amazon filed the
one-click patent, the online retail shopping and buying experience is filled with frictions. A recent
study graded more than 600 Internet retailers on how easy it was fbr consumers to shop, buy, and
pay. Almost half of the sites didn't get a passing grade and only 18 percent got an A or B.
[N] The turmoil on the ground in physical retail is hard to square with the Census data. Unfortunately,
part of the explanation is that the Census retail data are unreliable. Our deep look into those data
and their preparation revealed serious problems. It seems likely that Census simply misclassifies a
large chunk of online sales. It is certain that the Census procedures, which lump the online sales
of major traditional retailers like Walmart in with u non-store retailers" like food trucks, can mask
major changes in individual retail categories. The bureau could easily present their data in more
useful ways, but they have chosen not to.
[O] Despite the turmoil, brick and mortar won't disappear any time soon. The big questions are
which, if any, of the large traditional retailers will still be on the scene in a decade or two because
6 ・ 7

----- PAGE 228 -----
they have successfully reinvented themselves, which new players will operate busy stores on
Main Streets and maybe even in shopping malls, and how the shopping and buying experience
will have changed in each retail category. Investors shouldn't write off brick and mortar. Whether
they should bet on the traditional players who run those stores now is another matter.
36. Although online retailing has existed for some twenty years, nearly half of the Internet retailers
still fail to receive satisfactory feedback from consumers, according to a recent survey.
37. Innovative retailers integrate Internet technologies with conventional retailing to create new retail
models.
38. Despite what the Census data suggest, the value of physical retaiFs stocks has been dropping.
39. Internet-driven changes in the retail industry didn't take place as quickly as widely anticipated.
40. Statistics indicate that brick and mortar sales still made up the lion's share of the retail business.
41. Companies that successfully combine online and offline business models may prove to be a big
concern fbr traditional retailers.
42. Brick and mortar retailers5 faith in their business was strengthened when the dot.com bubble burst.
43. Despite the tremendous challenges from online retailing, traditional retailing will be here to stay
fbr quite some time.
44. With the rise of online commerce, physical retail stores are likely to suffer the same fate as the
yellow pages.
45. The wide use of smartphones has made it more complex fbr traditional retailers to reinvent their
business.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked 4) , B) , C) and
D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
6 ・
 8

----- PAGE 229 -----
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Professor Stephen Hawking has warned that the creation of powerful artificial intelligence (AI)
will be either the best, or the worst thing, ever to happen to humanity^^, and praised the creation of
an academic institute dedicated to researching the future of intelligence as “ crucial to the future of our
civilisation and our species
Hawking was speaking at the opening of the Leverhulme Centre fbr the Future of Intelligence
(LCFI) at Cambridge University, a multi-disciplinary institute that will attempt to tackle some of the
open-ended questions raised by the rapid pace of development in Al research. u We spend a great deal
of time studying history/ Hawking said, 44 which, lefs face it, is mostly the history of stupidity. So ifs
a welcome change that people are studying instead the future of intelligence.n
While the world-renowned physicist has often been cautious about AI, raising concerns that
humanity could be the architect of its own destruction if it creates a super-intelligence with a will of
its own, he was also quick to highlight the positives that AI research can bring. " The potential
benefits of creating intelligence are huge/' he said. u We cannot predict what we might achieve when
our own minds are amplified by AI. Perhaps with the tools of this new technological revolution, we
will be able to undo some of the damage done to the natural world by the last one- industrialisation.
And surely we will aim to finally eradicate disease and poverty. And every aspect of our lives will be
transformed. In short, success in creating AI could be the biggest event in the history of our
civilisation/,
Huw Price, the centre's academic director and the Bertrand Russell professor of philosophy at
Cambridge University, where Hawking is also an academic, said that the centre came about partially
as a result of the university's Centre fbr Existential Risk. That institute examined a wider range of
potential problems fbr humanity, while the LCFI has a narrow focus.
AI pioneer Margaret Boden, professor of cognitive science at the University of Sussex, praised
the progress of such discussions. As recently as 2009, she said, the topic wasn't taken seriously, even
among AI researchers. UAI is hugely exciting,M she said,“ but it has limitations, which present grave
dangers given uncritical use."
The academic community is not alone in warning about the potential dangers of AI as well as
the potential benefits. A number of pioneers from the technology industry, most famously the
entrepreneur Elon Musk, have also expressed their concerns about the damage that a super-intelligent
AI could do to humanity.
46. What did Stephen Hawking think of artificial intelligence?
A) It would be vital to the progress of human civilisation.
B) It might be a blessing or a disaster in the making.
C) It might present challenges as well as opportunities.
D) It would be a significant expansion of human intelligence.
6 ・ 9

----- PAGE 230 -----
47. What did Hawking say about the creation of the LCFI?
A) It would accelerate the progress of AI research.
B) It would mark a step forward in the AI industry.
C) It was extremely important to the destiny of humankind.
D) It was an achievement of multi-disciplinary collaboration.
48. What did Hawking say was a welcome change in AI research?
A) The shift of research focus from the past to the future.
B) The shift of research from theory to implementation.
C) The greater emphasis on the negative impact of AI.
D) The increasing awareness of mankind's past stupidity.
49. What concerns did Hawking raise about AI?
A) It may exceed human intelligence sooner or later.
B) It may ultimately over-amplify the human mind.
C) Super-intelligence may cause its own destruction.
D) Super-intelligence may eventually ruin mankind.
50. What do we learn about some entrepreneurs from the technology industry?
A) They are much influenced by the academic community.
B) They are most likely to benefit from AI development.
C) They share the same concerns about AI as academics.
D) They believe they can keep AI under human control.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
The market for products designed specifically fbr older adults could reach $ 30 billion by next
year, and startups (初创公司)want in on the action. What they sometimes lack is feedback from the
people who they hope will use their products. So Brookdale, the country's largest owner of retirement
communities, has been inviting a few select entrepreneurs just to move in fbr a few days, show off
their products and hear what the residents have to say.
Thafs what brought Dayle Rodriguez, 28, all the way from England to the dining room of
Brookdale South Bay in Torrance, California. Rodriguez is the community and marketing manager for
a company called Sentab. The startup's product, SentabTV, enables older adults who may not be
comfortable with computers to access email, video chat and social media using just their televisions
and a remote control.
"It's nothing new, ifs nothing too complicated and ifs natural because lots of people have TV
remotes/ says Rodriguez.
But none of that is the topic of conversation in the Brookdale dining room. Instead, Rodriguez
6 • 10

----- PAGE 231 -----
solicits residents, advice on what he should get on his cheeseburger and how he should spend the
afternoon. Playing cards was on the agenda, as well as learning to play mahjong (麻将).
Rodriguez says ifs important that residents here don't feel like he's selling them something. u rve
had more feedback in a passive approach/' he says. " Playing pool, playing cards, having dinner,
having lunch," all work better u than going through a survey of questions. When they get to know me
and to trust me, knowing for sure Fm not selling them something- there'll be more honest feedback
from them/'
Rodriguez is just the seventh entrepreneur to move into one of Brookdale's 1,100 senior living
communities. Other new products in the program have included a kind of full-body blow dryer and
specially designed clothing that allows people with disabilities to dress and undress themselves.
Mary Lou Busch, 93, agreed to try the Sentab system. She tells Rodriguez that it might be good
for someone, but not for her.
“I have the computer and FaceTime, which I talk with my family on,“ she explains. She also
has an iPad and a smartphone. u So I do pretty much everything I need to do.”
To be fair, if Rodriguez had wanted feedback from some more technophobic (害怕技术的)
seniors, he might have ended up in the wrong Brookdale community. This one is located in the heart
of Southern California's aerospace corridor. Many residents have backgrounds in engineering,
business and academic circles.
But Rodriguez says he's still learning something important by moving into this Brookdale
community: u People are more tech-proficient than we thought."
And besides, where else would he learn to play mahjong?
51. What does the passage say about the startups?
A) They never lose time in upgrading products fbr seniors.
B) They want to have a share of the seniors5 goods market.
C) They invite seniors to their companies to try their products.
D) They try to profit from promoting digital products to seniors.
52. Some entrepreneurs have been invited to Brookdale t
o
.
A) have an interview with potential customers
B) conduct a survey of retirement communities
C) collect residents, feedback on their products
D) show senior residents how to use IT products
53. What do we know about SentabTV?
A) It is a TV program catering to the interest of the elderly.
B) It is a digital TV which enjoys popularity among seniors.
C) It is a TV specially designed fbr seniors to view programs.
D) It is a communication system via TV instead of a computer.
6 ・ 11

----- PAGE 232 -----
54. What does Rodriguez say is important in promoting products?
A) Winning trust from prospective customers.
B) Knowing the likes and dislikes of customers.
C) Demonstrating their superiority on the spot.
D) Responding promptly to customer feedback.
55. What do we learn about the seniors in the Brookdale community?
A) Most of them are interested in using the Sen tab.
B) They are quite at ease with high-tech products.
C) They have much in common with seniors elsewhere.
D) Most of them enjoy a longer life than average people.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
成语(Chinese idioms)是汉语中的一种独特的表达方式，大多由四个汉字组成。它们高度
简练且形式固定,但通常能形象地表达深刻的含义。成语大多来源于中国古代的文学作品，通
常与某些神话、传说或者历史事件有关。如果不知道某个成语的出处，就很难理解其确切含义。
因此,学习成语有助于人们更好地理解中国传统文化。成语在日常会话和文学创作中广泛使
用。恰当使用成语可以使一个人的语言更具表现力，交流更有效。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 233 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of team
spirit and communication in the workplace. You should write at least 150 words but
no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 234 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2019年6 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 235 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
回强霞回
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
回第缎
扫码获音频
1. A) Why Roman Holiday was more famous than Breakfast at Tiffany's.
B) Why Audrey Hepburn had more female fans than male ones.
C) Why the woman wanted to be like Audrey Hepburn.
D) Why so many girls adored Audrey Hepburn.
2. A) Her unique personality.
B) Her physical condition.
3. A) She was not an outgoing person.
B) She was modest and hardworking.
C) Her shift of interest to performing arts.
D) Her family's suspension of financial aid.
C) She was easy-going on the whole.
D) She was usually not very optimistic.
4. A) She was influenced by the roles she played in the films.
B) Her parents taught her to sympathize with the needy.
C) She learned to volunteer when she was a child.
D) Her family benefited from other people's help.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Give a presentation.
B) Raise some questions.
6. A) It will cut production costs.
B) It will raise productivity.
7. A) The timeline of restructuring.
B) The reasons for restructuring.
C) Start a new company.
D) Attend a board meeting.
C) No staff will be dismissed.
D) No new staff will be hired.
C) The communication channels.
D) The company's new missions.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 236 -----
8. A) By consulting their own department managers.
B) By emailing questions to the man or the woman.
C) By exploring various channels of communication.
D) By visiting the company's own computer network.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) ,B) , C)
and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It helps passengers to take care of their pet animals.
B) It has animals to help passengers carry their luggage.
C) It uses therapy animals to soothe nervous passengers.
D) It allows passengers to have animals travel with them
10. A) Avoiding possible dangers.
B) Finding their way around.
C) Identifying drug smugglers.
D) Looking after sick passengers.
11. A) Schedule their flights around the animal visits.
B) Photograph the therapy animals at the airport.
C) Keep some animals for therapeutic purposes.
D) Bring their pet animals on board their plane.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Beside a beautifully painted wall in Arles.
B) Beside the gate of an ancient Roman city.
C) At the site of an ancient Roman mansion.
D) At the entrance to a reception hall in Rome.
13. A) A number of different images.
B) A number of mythological heroes.
14. A) The originality and expertise shown.
B) The worldly sophistication displayed.
C) Various musical instruments.
D) Paintings by famous French artists.
C) The stunning images vividly depicted.
D) The impressive skills and costly dyes.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 237 -----
15. A) His artistic taste is superb. 
C) He was a collector of antiques.
B) His identity remains unclear. 
D) He was a rich Italian merchant.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line through centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They encourage international cooperation.
B) They lay stress on basic scientific research.
C) They place great emphasis on empirical studies.
D) They favour scientists from its member countries.
17. A) Many of them wish to win international recognition.
B) They believe that more hands will make light work.
C) They want to follow closely the international trend.
D) Many of their projects have become complicated.
18. A) It requires mathematicians to work independently.
B) It is laced with many unprecedented challenges.
C) It lags behind other disciplines in collaboration.
D) It calls for more research funding to catch up.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Scientists tried to send a balloon to Venus.
B) Scientists discovered water on Venus.
C) Scientists found Venus had atmosphere.
D) Scientists observed Venus from a space vehicle.
20. A) It resembles Earth in many aspects.
B) It is the same as fiction has portrayed.
C) It is a paradise of romance fbr alien life.
D) It undergoes geological changes like Earth.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 238 -----
21. A) It might have been hotter than it is today.
B) It might have been a cozy habitat for life.
C) It used to have more water than Earth.
D) It used to be covered with rainforests.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Causes of sleeplessness. 
C) Cultural psychology.
B) Cross-cultural communication. 
D) Motivation and positive feelings.
23. A) They attach great importance to sleep.
B) They often have trouble falling asleep.
C) They pay more attention to sleep efficiency.
D) They generally sleep longer than East Asians.
24. A) By asking people to report their sleep habits.
B) By observing people's sleep patterns in labs.
C) By having people wear motion-detecting watches.
D) By videotaping people's daily sleeping processes.
25. A) It has made remarkable progress in the past few decades.
B) It has not yet explored the cross-cultural aspect of sleep.
C) It has not yet produced anything conclusive.
D) It has attracted attention all over the world.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The dream of personalised flight is still vivid in the minds of many inventors, some developing
cycle-powered craft, others 
26 
money into jetpacks (喷气飞行背包).However, the flying car has
always remained the 
27 
symbol of personal transport freedom.
Several companies around the world have produced 
28 
that can drive on roads and fly.
Airbus has a futuristic modular (组件式的)concept involving a passenger capsule that can be 
29
6 , 4

----- PAGE 239 -----
from the road-going chassis (底盘)and picked up by a helicopter-type machine.
But all these concepts are massively expensive, require safety certification standards for road and
air, need 
30 
controls, involve complex folding wings and propellers, and have to be flown from
air-strips. So they are likely to remain rich people's playthings rather than practical transport solutions
for the masses.
“A car that takes off from some London street and lands in another 
31 
street is unlikely to
happen," says Prof. Gray, a leading aeronautical engineer. u Sky taxis are much more likely," But that
won't stop inventors from dreaming up new ways to fly and trying to persuade investors to back their
sometimes 
32 
schemes.
Civilian aviation is being disrupted, not by the age-old desires for speed, romanticism and
33 
, but by the pressing need to respond to a changing climate. New electric engines coupled with
artificial intelligence and 
34 
systems will contribute to a more efficient, integrated transport
system that is less polluting and less noisy. That may sound simple, but as Prof. Gray says, 11 When I
travel somewhere I like this notion that when I finish my journey I feel better than when I started it.
Thafs completely at 
35 
with how I feel today." Now that would be progress.
A) autonomous
I)
pouring
B) detached
J)
prototypes
C) dual
K) random
D) glamour
L) repressing
E) imminent
M) segmented
F) odds
N) spectrum
G) opposites
0) ultimate
H) outrageous
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2
Companies Are Working with Consumers to Reduce Waste
[A] As consumers, we are very wasteful. Annually, the world generates 1.3 billion tons of solid
waste. This is expected to go up to 2.2 billion by 2025. The developed countries are responsible
fbr 44% of waste, and in the U.S. alone, the average person throws away their body weight in
rubbish every month.
6 - 5

----- PAGE 240 -----
[ B ] Conventional wisdom would seem to suggest that companies have no incentive to lengthen the
life cycle of their products and reduce the revenue they would get from selling new goods. Yet,
more and more businesses are thinking about how to reduce consumer waste. This is partly
driven by the rising price of raw materials and metals. It is also partly due to both consumers
and companies becoming more aware of the need to protect our environment.
[ C ] When choosing what products to buy and which brands to buy from, more and more consumers
are looking into sustainability. This is opposed to just price and performance they were
concerned about in the past. In a survey of 54 of the world's leading brands, almost all of them
reported that consumers are showing increasing care about sustainable lifestyles. At the same
time, surveys on consumers in the U.S. and the U.K. show that they also care about minimizing
energy use and reducing waste.
[ D] For the most part, consumers control what happens to a product. But some companies are
realizing that placing the burden of recycling entirely on the consumer is not an effective strategy,
especially when tossing something away seems like the easiest and most convenient option.
[ E ] Some retailers and manufacturers in the clothing, footwear, and electronics industries have
launched environmental programs. They want to make their customers interested in preserving
their products and preventing things that still have value from going to the garbage dump. By
offering services to help expand the longevity of their products, they're promising quality and
durability to consumers, and receiving the reputational gains for being environmentally friendly.
[ F ] For example, the Swedish jeans company Nudie Jeans offers free repair at twenty of their shops.
Instead of discarding their old worn-out jeans, customers bring them in to be renewed. The
company even provides mail-order repair kits and online videos, so that customers can learn
how to fix a pair of jeans at home. Their philosophy is that extending the life of a pair of jeans
is not only great for the environment, but allows the consumer to get more value out of their
product. When customers do want to toss their pair, they can give them back to the store, which
will repurpose and resell them. Another clothing company, Patagonia, a high-end outdoor
clothing store, follows the same principle. It has partnered with DIY website iFixit to teach
consumers how to repair their clothing, such as waterproof outerwear, at home. The company
also offers a repair program for their customers for a modest fee. Currently, Patagonia repairs
about 40,000 garments a year in their Reno, Nevada, service center. According to the company's
CEO, Rose Marcario, this is about building a company that cares about the environment. At the
same time, offering repair supports the perceived quality of its products.
[G ] In Brazil, the multinational corporation Adidas has been running a shoe-recycling program
called 
Sustainable Footprint" since 2012. Customers can bring shoes of any brand into an
6 • 6

----- PAGE 241 -----
Adidas store to be shredded and turned into alternative fuels fbr energy creation instead of being
burned as trash. They are used to fuel cement ovens. To motivate visitors to bring in more old
shoes, Adidas Brazil promotes the program in stores by showing videos to educate customers,
and it even offers a discount each time a customer brings in an old pair of shoes. This boosts
the reputation and image of Adidas by making people more aware of the company's values.
[H] Enormous opportunities also lie with e-waste. It is estimated that in 2014 the world produced
some 42 million metric tons of e-waste (discarded electrical and electronic equipment and its
parts) with North America and Europe accounting for 8 and 12 million metric tons respectively.
The materials from e-waste include iron, copper, gold, silver, and aluminum- materials that
could be reused, resold, salvaged, or recycled. Together, the value of these metals is estimated to
be about $ 52 billion. Electronics giants like Best Buy and Samsung have provided e-waste
take-back programs over the past few years, which aim to refurbish (翻新)old electronic
components and parts into new products.
[I] For other companies interested in reducing waste, helping the environment, and providing the
sustainable lifestyles that consumers seek, here are some first steps for building a relationship
with customers that focuses on recycling and restoring value to products:
[J] Find partners. If you are a manufacturer who relies on outside distributors, then retailers are the
ideal partner for collecting old products. Power tool maker DeWalt partners with companies,
such as Lowes and Napa Auto Parts, to collect old tools at their stores for recycling. The
partnership benefits both sides by allowing unconventional partners ( for example, two
companies from two different industries) to work together on a specific aspect of the value
chain, like, in this example, an engine firm with an accessory one.
[ K] Create incentives. Environmental conscientiousness isn't always enough to make customers
recycle old goods. For instance, DeWalt discovered that many contractors were holding on to
their old tools, even if they no longer worked, because they were expensive purchases and it
was hard to justify bringing them in to recycle. By offering instant discounts worth as much as
$ 100, DeWalt launched a trade-in program to encourage people to bring back tools. As a
result, DeWalt now reuses those materials to create new products.
[L] Start with a trial program, and expect to change the details as you go. Any take-back program
will likely change over time, depending on what works fbr your customers and company goals.
Maybe you see low customer participation at first, or conversely, so much success that the cost
of recycling becomes too high. Best Buy, for instance, has been bearing the lion's share of e-
waste volume since two of its largest competitors, Amazon and Wal-mart, do not have their own
6 - 7

----- PAGE 242 -----
recycling programs. Since the launch of its program, Best Buy changed its policy to add a $ 25
fee for recycling old televisions in order to keep the program going.
[ M] Build a culture of collective values with customers. A stronger relationship between the retailer/
producer and the consumer isn't just about financial incentives. By creating more awareness
around your efforts to reduce waste, and by developing a culture of responsibility, repair, and
reuse, you can build customer loyalty based on shared values and responsibilities.
[ N ] These examples are just the tip of the iceberg, but they demonstrate how helping customers get
more use of their materials can transform value chains and operations. Reducing waste by
incorporating used materials into production can cut costs and decrease the price of procurement
（采购）：less to be procured from the outside and more to be re-utilized from the inside.
[ O] Companies play a big role in creating a circular economy, in which value is generating less from
extracting new resources and more from getting better use out of the resources we already
have- but they must also get customers engaged in the process.
36. Some companies believe that products7 prolonged lifespan benefits both the environment and
customers.
37. A survey shows shoppers today are getting more concerned about energy conservation and
environmental protection when deciding what to buy.
38. Companies can build customer loyalty by creating a positive culture of environmental awareness.
39. When companies launch environmental programs, they will have their brand reputation enhanced.
40. One multinational company offers discounts to customers who bring in old footwear to be used as fuel.
41. Recycling used products can help manufacturers reduce production costs.
42. Electronic products contain valuable metals that could be recovered.
43. It seems commonly believed that companies are not motivated to prolong their products5 lifespan.
44. It is advisable for companies to partner with each other in product recycling.
45. Some businesses have begun to realize it may not be effective to let consumers take full
responsibility for recycling.
6 - 8

----- PAGE 243 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Effective Friday, Screen Actors Guild-American Federation of Television and Radio Artists
(SAG-AFTRA) has declared a strike against 11 video game publishers over games that went into
production after Feb. 17, 2015. The companies include some of the heavyweights of the industry, like
Electronic Arts Productions, Insomniac Games, Activision and Disney.
The strike comes in light of an unsuccessful 19 months of negotiations after the existing labor
contract known as the Interactive Media Agreement expired in late 2014. Overall, the strike is an
effort to provide more secondary compensation along with other concerns, such as transparency upon
hiring talent and on-set (制作中)safety precautions.
The video gaming industry has ballooned in recent years. The Los Angeles Times reports that the
industry is in the midst of an intense increase in cash flow. In 2015, gaming produced $ 23.5 billion
in domestic revenue.
But SAG-AFTRA says voice actors don't receive residuals (追力口 酬金)for their gaming work.
Instead, they receive a fixed rate, which is typically about $ 825 for a standard four-hour vocal session. So
the voice actors are pushing for the idea of secondary compensation- a performance bonus every time a
game sells 2 million copies or downloads, or reaches 2 million subscribers, with a cap at 8 million.
"It's a very small number of games that would trigger this secondary compensation issue," said
voice actor Crispin Freeman, who's a member of the union's negotiating committee. " This is an
important aspect of what it means to be a freelance (从事 自 由职业的)performer, who isn't regularly
employed every single day working on projects.n
Another major complaint from the actors is the secrecy of the industry. UI can't imagine if there's
any other acting job in the world where you don't know what show you're in, when you're hired,“
says voice actor Keythe Farley, who chairs the SAG-AFTRA negotiating committee.
“And yet that happens every day in the video game world,v Farley told reporters during a press
conference Friday. UI was a main character in Fallout 4, a character by the name of Kellogg, and I
never knew that I was doing vocal recording for that game throughout the year and a half.”
Scott Witlin, the lawyer representing the video game companies, says voice actors u represent
less than one tenth of 1 percent of the work that goes into making a video game." So "even though
they're the top craftsmen in their field," Witlin says, “ if we pay them under a vastly different system
than the people who do the 99.9 percent of the work, that's going to create far more problems for the
video game companies.v
6 - 9

----- PAGE 244 -----
46. Why did SAG-AFTRA declare a strike against some video game publishers?
A) The labor contract between them had been violated.
B) Its appeal to renegotiate the contract had been rejected.
C) It had been cheated repeatedly in the 19 months of talks.
D) The negotiations between them had broken down.
47. What do we learn from the passage about the video gaming industry?
A) It has reaped huge profits in recent years.
B) It has become more open and transparent.
C) It has attracted many famous voice actors.
D) It has invested a lot in its domestic market.
48. What are the voice actors demanding?
A) More regular employment.
B) A non-discriminatory contract.
C) Extra pay based on sales revenues.
D) A limit on the maximum work hours.
49. What does Keythe Farley say about voice actors?
A) They are kept in the dark about many details of their job.
B) They are discriminated against in the gaming industry.
C) They are not paid on a regular basis.
D) They are not employed full-time.
50. What is the argument of lawyer Scott Witlin?
A) Voice actors should have a pay raise if they prove to be top craftsmen.
B) Changing the pay system would cause the industry more problems.
C) Voice actors are mere craftsmen, not professional performers.
D) Paying voice actors on an hourly basis is in line with the law.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Officials at the White House announced a new space policy focused on managing the increasing
number of satellites that companies and governments are launching into space. Space Policy
Directive-3 lays out general guidelines for the United States to mitigate (缓解)the effects of space
debris and track and manage traffic in space.
This policy sets the stage for the Department of Commerce to take over the management of
6 - 10

----- PAGE 245 -----
traffic in space. The department will make sure that newly launched satellites don't use radio
frequencies that would interfere with existing satellites, and schedule when such new satellites can be
launched. This only applies to American space activities, but the hope is that it will help standardize a
set of norms in the dawning commercial spaceflight industry throughout the world.
Space, especially the space directly around our planet, is getting more crowded as more
governments and companies launch satellites. One impetus for the policy is that companies are
already starting to build massive constellations (星座)，comprising hundreds or thousands of satellites
with many moving parts among them. With so much stuff in space, and a limited area around our
planet, the government wants to reduce the chances of a collision. Two or more satellites slamming
into each other could create many more out-of-control bits that would pose even more hazards to the
growing collection of satellites in space.
And ifs not like this hasn't happened before. In 2009 an old Russian craft slammed into a
communications satellite, creating a cloud of hundreds of pieces of debris and putting other hardware
at risk. Journalist Sarah Scoles reports that NASA currently tracks about 24,000 objects in space, and
in 2016 the Air Force had to issue 3,995,874 warnings to satellite owners alerting them to a potential
nearby threat from another satellite or bit of debris.
Thafs why this new policy also includes directions to update the current U. S. Government
Orbital Debris Mitigation Standard Practices, which already require any entity that launches a satellite
or spacecraft to vigorously analyze the likelihood that any of their actions, from an unexpected failure
or normal operations, will create more space debris. It includes accounting for any piece of debris
they plan to release over 5mm that might stay in orbit for 25 years or more. It might seem surprising
to think about an item staying in space for that long, but the oldest satellite still in orbit―Vanguard
1—turned 60 in 2018.
Agencies and companies throughout the world are working on developing technology that would
dispose of or capture space debris before it causes serious damage. But for now, the U.S. government
is more focused on preventing new debris from forming than taking the trash out of orbit.
51. What is the purpose of the new U.S. space policy?
A) To lay out general guidelines for space exploration.
B) To encourage companies to join in space programs.
C) To make the best use of satellites in space.
D) To improve traffic conditions in space.
52. What is the Department of Commerce expected to do under the new policy?
A) Reduce debris in space.
B) Monitor satellite operations.
C) Regulate the launching of new satellites.
D) Update satellite communications technology.
6 • 11

----- PAGE 246 -----
53. What does the U.S. government hope to do with the new space policy?
A) Set international standards for the space flight industry.
B) Monopolize space industry by developing a set of norms.
C) Facilitate commercial space flights throughout the world.
D) Promote international collaboration in space exploration.
54. What is a space vehicle launching entity required to do according to the current U.S. Government
Orbital Debris Mitigation Standard Practices?
A) Give an estimate of how long its debris will stay in space.
B) Account fbr the debris it has released into space at any time.
C) Provide a detailed plan fbr managing the space debris it creates.
D) Make a thorough analysis of any possible addition to space debris.
55. What are space agencies and companies aiming to do at present?
A) Recycle used space vehicles before they turn into debris.
B) Develop technology to address the space debris problem.
C) Limit the amount of debris entering space.
D) Cooperate closely to retrieve space debris.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answ er Sheet 2.
中国幅员辽阔，人口众多，很多地方人们都说自己的方言。方言在发音上差别最大,词汇和
语法差别较小。有些方言，特别是北方和南方的方言，差异很大，以至于说不同方言的人常常很
难听懂彼此的讲话。方言被认为是当地文化的一个组成部分，但近年来能说方言的人数不断减
少。为了鼓励人们更多说本地方言，一些地方政府已经采取措施,如在学校开设方言课，在广播
和电视上播放方言节目，以期保存本地的文化遗产。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 247 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
mutual understanding and respect in interpersonal relationships. You should write
at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 248 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2019年6 月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 249 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
特别说明
学 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
公
I 第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » ^
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank fallowing the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A n sw er S h e e t 2  with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than
once.
Steel is valued fbr its reliability, but not when it gets cold. Most forms of steel 
26 
become
brittle (脆的)at temperatures below about - 25T unless they are mixed with other metals. Now,
though, a novel type of steel has been developed that resists 
27 
at much lower temperatures,
while retaining its strength and toughness—without the need for expensive 
28
SteeFs fragility at low temperatures first became a major concern during the Second World War.
After German U-boats torpedoed (用鱼雷攻击)numerous British ships, a 2,700-strong fleet of cheap-
and-cheerful u Liberty shipsn was introduced to replace the lost vessels, providing a lifeline fbr the
29 
British. But the steel shells of hundreds of the ships 
30 
in the icy north Atlantic, and 12
broke in half and sank.
Brittleness remains a problem when building steel structures in cold conditions, such as oil rigs
in the Arctic. So scientists have 
31 
to find a solution by mixing it with expensive metals such as
nickel.
Yuuji Kimura and colleagues in Japan tried a more physical 
32 
. Rather than adding other
metals, they developed a complex mechanical process involving repeated heating and very severe
mechanical deformation, known as tempforming.
The resulting steel appears to achieve a combination of strength and toughness that is 
33 
to
that of modern steels that are very rich in alloy content and, therefore, very expensive.
Kimura's team intends to use its tempfbrmed steel to make ultra-high strength parts, such as
bolts. They hope to reduce both the number of 
34 
needed in a construction job and their
weight- by replacing solid supports with 
35 
tubes, fbr example. This could reduce the amount
of steel needed to make everything from automobiles to buildings and bridges.
6 ・
 1

----- PAGE 250 -----
A)
abruptly
I)
cracked
B)
additives
J)
fractures
C)
approach
K)
hollow
D)
ardently
L)
relevant
E)
besieged
M)
reshuffled
F)
channel
N)
strived
G)
comparable
0 )
violent
H)
components
Section B
Directions ： In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
The future of personal satellite technology is here- are we ready for it?
[A] Satellites used to be the exclusive playthings of rich governments and wealthy corporations. But
increasingly, as space becomes more democratized, they are coming within reach of ordinary
people. Just like drones( 无人机) before them, miniature satellites are beginning to fundamentally
transform our conceptions of who gets to do what up above our heads.
[B] As a recent report from the National Academy of Sciences highlights, these satellites hold
tremendous potential for making satellite-based science more accessible than ever before. However,
as the cost of getting your own satellite in orbit drops sharply, the risks of irresponsible use grow.
The question here is no longer 41 Can we?” but u Should we?” What are the potential downsides
of having a slice of space densely populated by equipment built by people not traditionally
labeled as 11 professionals"? And what would the responsible and beneficial development and use
of this technology actually look like? Some of the answers may come from a nonprofit
organization that has been building and launching amateur satellites for nearly 50 years.
[C] Having your personal satellite launched into orbit might sound like an idea straight out of science
fiction. But over the past few decades a unique class of satellites has been created that fits the bill:
CubeSats. The "Cube" here simply refers to the satellite's shape. The most common CubeSat is a
10cm cube, so small that a single CubeSat could easily be mistaken for a paperweight on your
desk. These mini-satellites can fit in a launch vehicle's formerly u wasted space." Multiples can be
deployed in combination for more complex missions than could be achieved by one CubeSat alone.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 251 -----
[D] Within their compact bodies these minute satellites are able to house sensors and communications
receivers/transmitters that enable operators to study Earth from space, as well as space around
Earth. They're primarily designed for Low Earth Orbit (LEO)一an easily accessible region of
space from around 200 to 800 miles above Earth, where human-tended missions like the Hubble
Space Telescope and the International Space Station (ISS) hang out. But they can attain more
distant orbits; NASA plans for most of its future Earth-escaping payloads (to the moon and Mars
especially) to carry CubeSats.
[E] Because they're so small and light, it costs much less to get a CubeSat into Earth's orbit than a
traditional communications or GPS satellite. For instance, a research group here at Arizona State
University recently claimed their developmental small CubeSats could cost as little as $3,000 to
put in orbit. This decrease in cost allows researchers, hobbyists and even elementary school
groups to put simple instruments into LEO or even having them deployed from the ISS.
[F] The first CubeSat was created in the early 2000s, as a way of enabling Stanford graduate students
to design, build, test and operate a spacecraft with similar capabilities to the USSR's Sputnik(前苏
联的人造卫星).Since then, NASA, the National Reconnaissance Office and even Boeing have
all launched and operated CubeSats. There are more than 130 currently in operation. The NASA
Educational Launch of Nano Satellite program, which offers free launches for educational groups
and science missions, is now open to U.S. nonprofit corporations as well. Clearly, satellites are
not just for rocket scientists anymore.
[G] The National Academy of Sciences report emphasizes CubeSats' importance in scientific
discovery and the training of future space scientists and engineers. Yet it also acknowledges that
widespread deployment of LEO CubeSats isn't risk-free. The greatest concern the authors raise is
space debris—pieces of "junk" that orbit the earth, with the potential to cause serious damage if
they collide with operational units, including the ISS.
[H] Currently, there aren't many CubeSats and they're tracked closely. Yet as LEO opens up to more
amateur satellites, they may pose an increasing threat. As the report authors point out, even near­
misses might lead to the u creation of a burdensome regulatory framework and affect the future
disposition of science CubeSats."
[I] CubeSat researchers suggest that now's the time to ponder unexpected and unintended possible
consequences of more people than ever having access to their own small slice of space. In an era
when you can simply buy a CubeSat kit off the shelf, how can we trust the satellites over our
heads were developed with good intentions by people who knew what they were doing? Some
u expert amateurs" in the satellite game could provide some inspiration for how to proceed
responsibly.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 252 -----
[J] In 1969, the Radio Amateur Satellite Corporation （AMSAT） was created in order to foster ham
radio ezi质
（业余无线电爱好者）participation in space research and communication. It
continued the efforts, begun in 1961, by Project OSCAR一a U. S.-based group that built and
launched the very first nongovernmental satellite just four years after Sputnik. As an organization
of volunteers, AMSAT was putting “ amateur" satellites in orbit decades before the current
CubeSat craze. And over time, its members have learned a thing or two about responsibility. Here,
open-source development has been a central principle. Within the organization, AMSAT has a
philosophy of open sourcing everything—making technical data on all aspects of their satellites
fully available to everyone in the organization, and when possible, the public. According to a
member of the team responsible for FOX 1-A, AMSATs first CubeSat, this means that there's no
way to sneak something like explosives or an energy emitter into an amateur satellite when
everyone has access to the designs and implementation.
[K] However, they're more cautious about sharing information with nonmembers, as the organization
guards against others developing the ability to hijack and take control of their satellites. This form
of u self-governance" is possible within long-standing amateur organizations that, over time, are
able to build a sense of responsibility to community members, as well as society in general. But
what happens when new players emerge, who don't have deep roots within the existing culture?
[L] Hobbyists and students are gaining access to technologies without being part of a long-standing
amateur establishment. They're still constrained by funders, launch providers and a series of
regulations- all of which rein in what CubeSat developers can and cannot do. But there's a
danger they're ill-equipped to think through potential unintended consequences. What these
unintended consequences might be is admittedly far from clear. Yet we know innovators can be
remarkably creative with taking technologies in unexpected directions. Think of something as
seemingly benign as the cellphone- we have microfinance and text-based social networking at
one end of the spectrum, and impr。沅sed（临时制作的）explosive devices at the other.
[M] This is where a culture of social responsibility around CubeSats becomes important—not simply
to ensure that physical risks are minimized, but to engage with a much larger community in
anticipating and managing less obvious consequences of the technology. This is not an easy task.
Yet the evidence from AMSAT and other areas of technology development suggests that
responsible amateur communities can and do emerge around novel technologies. The challenge
here, of course, is ensuring that what an amateur community considers to be responsible, actually
is. Here's where there needs to be a much wider public conversation that extends beyond
government agencies and scientific communities to include students, hobbyists, and anyone who
may potentially stand to be affected by the use of CubeSat technology.
36. Given the easier accessibility to space, it is time to think about how to prevent misuse of satellites.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 253 -----
37. A group of mini-satellites can work together to accomplish more complex tasks.
38. The greater accessibility of mini-satellites increases the risks of their irresponsible use.
39. Even school pupils can have their CubeSats put in orbit owing to the lowered launching cost.
40. AMSAT is careful about sharing information with outsiders to prevent hijacking of their satellites.
41. NASA offers to launch CubeSats free of charge for educational and research purposes.
42. Even with constraints, it is possible for some creative developers to take the CubeSat technology
in directions that result in harmful outcomes.
43. While making significant contributions to space science, CubeSats may pose hazards to other
space vehicles.
44. Mini-satellites enable operators to study Earth from LEO and space around it.
45. AMSAT operates on the principle of having all its technical data accessible to its members,
preventing the abuse of amateur satellites.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
When I re-entered the full-time workforce a few years ago after a decade of solitary self­
employment, there was one thing I was looking forward to the most: the opportunity to have work
friends once again. It wasn't until I entered the corporate world that I realized, for me at least, being
friends with colleagues didn't emerge as a priority at all. This is surprising when you consider the
prevailing emphasis by scholars and trainers and managers on the importance of cultivating close
interpersonal relationships at work. So much research has explored the way in which collegial (同事
的) ties can help overcome a range of workplace issues aflecting productivity and the quality of work
output such as team-based conflict, jealousy, undermining, anger, and more.
Perhaps my expectations of lunches, water-cooler gossip and caring, deep-and-meaningful
6 - 5

----- PAGE 254 -----
conversations were a legacy of the last time I was in that kind of office environment. Whereas now,
as I near the end of my fourth decade, I realize work can be fully functional and entirely fulfilling
without needing to be best mates with the people sitting next to you.
In an academic analysis just published in the profoundly-respected Journal of Management,
researchers have looked at the concept of u indifferent relationships". Ifs a simple term that
encapsulates (概括)the fact that relationships at work can reasonably be non-intimate, inconsequential,
unimportant and even, dare I say it, disposable or substitutable.
Indifferent relationships are neither positive nor negative. The limited research conducted thus far
indicates they're especially dominant among those who value independence over cooperation, and
harmony over confrontation. Indifference is also the preferred option among those who are socially
lazy. Maintaining relationships over the long term takes effort. For some of us, too much effort.
As noted above, indifferent relationships may not always be the most helpful approach in
resolving some of the issues that pop up at work. But there are nonetheless several empirically proven
benefits. One of those is efficiency. Less time chatting and socializing means more time working and
churning (产出).
The other is self-esteem. As human beings, we're primed to compare ourselves to each other in
what is an anxiety-inducing phenomenon. Apparently, we look down on acquaintances more so than
friends. Since the former is most common among those inclined towards indifferent relationships, their
predominance can bolster individuals5 sense of self-worth.
Ego aside, a third advantage is that the emotional neutrality of indifferent relationships has been
found to enhance critical evaluation, to strengthen one's focus on task resolution, and to gain greater
access to valuable information. None of that might be as fun as after-work socializing but, hey, I'll
take it anyway.
46. What did the author realize when he re-entered the corporate world?
A) Making new friends with his workmates was not as easy as he had anticipated.
B) Cultivating positive interpersonal relationships helped him expel solitary feelings.
C) Working in the corporate world requires more interpersonal skills than self-employment.
D) Building close relationships with his colleagues was not as important as he had expected.
47. What do we learn from many studies about collegial relationships?
A) Inharmonious relationships have an adverse effect on productivity.
B) Harmonious relationships are what many companies aim to cultivate.
C) Close collegial relationships contribute very little to product quality.
D) Conflicting relationships in the workplace exist almost everywhere.
48. What can be inferred about relationships at work from an academic analysis?
A) They should be cultivated. 
C) They are vital to corporate culture.
B) They are virtually irrelevant. 
D) They should be reasonably intimate.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 255 -----
49. What does the author say about people who are socially lazy?
A) They feel uncomfortable when engaging in social interactions.
B) They often find themselves in confrontation with their colleagues.
C) They are unwilling to make efforts to maintain workplace relationships.
D) They lack basic communication skills in dealing with interpersonal issues.
50. What is one of the benefits of indifferent relationships?
A) They provide fiin at work. 
C) They help resolve differences.
B) They help control emotions. 
D) They improve work efficiency.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
In a few decades, artificial intelligence (AI) will surpass many of the abilities that we believe
make us special. This is a grand challenge fbr our age and it may require an “ irrational“ response.
One of the most significant pieces of news from the US in early 2017 was the efforts of Google
to make autonomous driving a reality. According to a report, Google's self-driving cars clocked 1,023,
330 km, and required human intervention 124 times. That is one intervention about every 8,047 km of
autonomous driving. But even more impressive is the progress in just a single year: human
interventions fell from 0.8 times per thousand miles to 0.2, a 400% improvement. With such progress,
Google's cars will easily surpass my own driving ability later this year.
Driving once seemed to be a very human skill. But we said that about chess, too. Then a
computer beat the human world champion, repeatedly. The board game Go (围棋)took over from
chess as a new test for human thinking in 2016, when a computer beat one of the world's leading
professional Go players. With computers conquering what used to be deeply human tasks, what will it
mean in the future to be human? I worry about my six-year-old son. What will his place be in a
world where machines beat us in one area after another? He'll never calculate faster, never drive
better, or even fly more safely. Actually, it all comes down to a fairly simple question: Whafs so
special about us? It can't be skills like arithmetic, which machines already excel in. So far, machines
have a pretty hard time emulating creativity, arbitrary enough not to be predicted by a computer, and
yet more than simple randomness.
Perhaps, if we continue to improve information-processing machines, we'll soon have helpful
rational assistants. So we must aim to complement the rationality of the machine, rather than to compete
with it. If I'm right, we should foster a creative spirit because a dose of illogical creativity will
complement the rationality of the machine. Unfortunately, however, our education system has not
caught up to the approaching reality. Indeed, our schools and universities are structured to mould pupils
to be mostly obedient servants of rationality, and to develop outdated skills in interacting with outdated
machines. We need to help our children learn how to best work with smart computers to improve
human decision-making. But most of all we need to keep the long-term perspective in mind: that even if
6 - 7

----- PAGE 256 -----
computers will outsmart us, we can still be the most creative. Because if we aren't, we won't be providing
much value in future ecosystems, and that may put in question the foundation for our existence.
51. What is the author's greatest concern about the use of AI?
A) Computers are performing lots of creative tasks.
B) Many abilities will cease to be unique to human beings.
C) Computers may become more rational than humans.
D) Many human skills are fast becoming outdated.
52. What impresses the author most in the field of AI?
A) Google's experimental driverless cars require little human intervention.
B) Google's cars have surpassed his driving ability in just a single year.
C) Google has made huge progress in autonomous driving in a short time.
D) Google has become a world leader in the field of autonomous driving.
53. What do we learn from the passage about creativity?
A) It is rational. 
C) It is human specific.
B) It is predictable. 
D) It is yet to be emulated by AI.
54. What should schools help children do in the era of AI?
A) Cultivate original thinking. 
C) Compete with smart machines.
B) Learn to work independently. 
D) Understand how AI works.
55. How can we humans justify our future existence?
A) By constantly outsmarting computers. 
C) By rationally compromising with AI.
B) By adopting a long-term perspective. 
D) By providing value with our creativity.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
汉语现在是世界上用作本族语人数最多的语言。汉语与西方语言的一个重要区别在于它
是以方块字(character)而不是以字母构成的。目前仍在使用的书写系统中，汉语是最古老的。
在中国，来自不同地区的人可能听不懂对方的方言，但由于汉字有统一的书写形式，他们交流起
来几乎没有任何困难。汉语历史上对团结中华民族发挥了重要作用。今天，随着中国经济的快
速增长和全球影响力的增强，越来越多其他国家的人也开始学习汉语。
6 • 8

----- PAGE 257 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
motivation and methods in learning. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 258 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2019年1 2 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 259 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the question will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) ,B) , C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) Magazine reporter.
B) Fashion designer.
C) Website designer.
D) Features editor.
2. A) Designing sports clothing.
B) Consulting fashion experts.
C) Answering daily emails.
D) Interviewing job-seekers.
3. A) It is challenging.
B) It is fascinating.
4. A) Her persistence.
B) Her experience.
C) It is tiresome.
D) It is fashionable.
C) Her competence.
D) Her confidence.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It is enjoyable.
B) It is educational.
C) It is divorced from real life.
D) It is adapted from a drama.
6. A) All the roles are played by famous actors and actresses.
B) It is based on the real-life experiences of some celebrities.
C) Its plots and events reveal a lot about Frankie's actual life.
D) It is written, directed, edited and produced by Frankie himself.
7. A) Go to the theater and enjoy it.
B) Recommend it to her friends.
C) Watch it with the man.
D) Download and watch it.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 260 -----
8. A) It has drawn criticisms from scientists.
B) It has been showing for over a decade.
C) It is a ridiculous piece of satire.
D) It is against common sense.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ) ,
C) and O). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They are likely to get injured when moving too fast.
B) They believe in team spirit fbr good performance.
C) They need to keep moving to avoid getting hurt.
D) They have to learn how to avoid body contact.
10. A) They do not have many years to live after retirement.
B) They tend to live a longer life with early retirement.
C) They do not start enjoying life until full retirement.
D) They keep themselves busy even after retirement.
11. A) It prevents us from worrying.
B) It slows down our aging process.
C) It enables us to accomplish more in life.
D) It provides us with more chances to learn.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) It tends to dwell upon their joyous experiences.
B) It wanders fbr almost half of their waking time.
C) It has trouble concentrating after a brain injury.
D) It tends to be affected by their negative feelings.
13. A) To find how happiness relates to daydreaming.
B) To observe how one's mind affects one's behavior.
C) To see why daydreaming impacts what one is doing.
D) To study the relation between health and daydreaming.
6 ・ 2

----- PAGE 261 -----
14. A) It helps them make good decisions.
B) It helps them tap their potentials.
C) It contributes to their creativity.
D) It contributes to clear thinking.
15. A) Subjects with clear goals in mind outperformed those without clear goals.
B) The difference in performance between the two groups was insignificant.
C) Non-daydreamers were more focused on their tasks than day dreamers.
D) Daydreamers did better than non-daydreamers in task performance.
Section C
Directions -In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They are the oldest buildings in Europe.
B) They are part of the Christian tradition.
C) They are renovated to attract tourists.
D) They are in worsening condition.
17. A) They have a history of 14 centuries.
B) They are 40 metres tall on average.
C) They are without foundations.
D) They consist of several storeys.
18. A) Wood was harmonious with nature.
B) Wooden buildings kept the cold out.
C) Timber was abundant in Scandinavia.
D) The Vikings liked wooden structures.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Similarities between human babies and baby animals.
B) Cognitive features of different newly bom mammals.
C) Adults, influence on children.
D) Abilities of human babies.
6 , 3

----- PAGE 262 -----
20. A) They can distinguish a happy tune from a sad one.
B) They love happy melodies more than sad ones.
C) They fall asleep easily while listening to music.
D) They are already sensitive to beats and rhythms.
21. A) Infants5 facial expressions.
B) Babies, emotions.
C) Babies' interaction with adults.
D) Infants5 behaviors.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) It may harm the culture of today's workplace.
B) It may hinder individual career advancement.
C) It may result in unwillingness to take risks.
D) It may put too much pressure on team members.
23. A) They can hardly give expression to their original views.
B) They can become less motivated to do projects of their own.
C) They may find it hard to get their contributions recognized.
D) They may eventually lose their confidence and creativity.
24. A) They can enlarge their professional circle.
B) They can get chances to engage in research.
C) They can make the best use of their expertise.
D) They can complete the project more easily.
25. A) It may cause lots of arguments in a team.
B) It may prevent making a timely decision.
C) It may give rise to a lot of unnecessary expenses.
D) It may deprive a team of business opportunities.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A n sw er S h e e t 2  with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
6 ・
 4

----- PAGE 263 -----
When considering risk factors associated with serious chronic diseases, we often think about
health indicators such as cholesterol, blood pressure, and body weight. But poor diet and physical
inactivity also each increase the risk of heart disease and have a role to play in the development of
some cancers. Perhaps worse, the 
26 
effects of an unhealthy diet and insufficient exercise are not
limited to your body. Recent research has also shown that 
27 
in a high-fot and high-sugar diet
may have negative effects on your brain, causing learning and memory 
28 
.
Studies have found obesity is associated with impairments in cognitive functioning, as 
29
by a range of learning and memory tests, such as the ability to remember a list of words presented
some minutes or hours earlier. There is also a growing body of evidence that diet-induced cognitive
impairments can emerge 
30 —within weeks or even days. For example, one study found healthy
adults 
31 
to a high-fat diet for five days showed impaired attention, memory, and mood
compared with a low-fat diet control group. Another study also found eating a high-fat and high-
sugar breakfast each day fbr as little as four days resulted in problems with learning and memory
32 
to those observed in overweight and obese individuals.
Body weight was not hugely different between the groups eating a healthy diet and those on
high fat and sugar diets. So this shows negative 
33 
of poor dietary intake can occur even when
body weight has not changed 
34 
. Thus, body weight is not always the best indicator of health
and a thin person still needs to eat well and exercise 
35 
.
A) assessed
I) excelling
B) assigned
J) indulging
C) consequences
K) loopholes
D) conspicuously
L) rapidly
E) deficits
M) redundant
F) designated
N) regularly
G) detrimental
0) similar
H) digestion
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Increased Screen Time and Wellbeing Decline in Youth
[ A] Have young people never had it so good? Or do they face more challenges than any previous
generation? Our current era in the West is one of high wealth. This means minors enjoy material
6 ・ 5

----- PAGE 264 -----
benefits and legal protections that would have been the envy of those living in the past. But
there is an increasing suspicion that all is not well for our youth. And one of the most popular
explanations, among some experts and the popular media, is that excessive u screen time” is to
blame. (This refers to all the attention young people devote to their phones, tablets and laptops.)
However, this is a contentious theory and such claims have been treated skeptically by some
scholars based on their reading of the relevant data.
[ B] Now a new study has provided another contribution to the debate, uncovering strong evidence
that adolescent wellbeing in the United States really is experiencing a decline and arguing that
the most likely cause is the electronic riches we have given them. The background to this is that
from the 1960s into the early 2000s, measures of average wellbeing went up in the US. This
was especially true fbr younger people. It reflected the fact that these decades saw a climb in
general standards of living and avoidance of mass societal traumas like full-scale war or
economic deprivation. However, the u screen time" hypothesis, advanced by researchers such as
Jean Twenge, is that electronic devices and excessive time spent online may have reversed these
trends in recent years, causing problems fbr young people's psychological health.
[ C] To investigate, Twenge and her colleagues dived into the 11 Monitoring the Futuredataset based
on annual surveys of American school students from grades 8, 10, and 12 that started in 1991.
In total, 1. 1 million young people answered various questions related to their wellbeing.
Twenge's team's analysis of the answers confirmed the earlier, well-established wellbeing climb,
with scores rising across the 1990s, and into the later 2000s. This was found across measures
like self-esteem, life satisfaction, happiness and satisfaction with individual domains like job,
neighborhood, or friends. But around 2012 these measures started to decline. This continued
through 2016, the most recent year for which data is available.
[ D] Twenge and her colleagues wanted to understand why this change in average wellbeing
occurred. However, it is very hard to demonstrate causes using non-experimental data such as
this. In fact, when Twenge previously used this data to suggest a screen time effect, some
commentators were quick to raise this problem. They argued that her causal-sounding claims
rested on correlational data, and that she had not adequately accounted fbr other potential causal
factors. This time around, Twenge and her team make a point of saying that they are not trying
to establish causes as such, but that they are assessing the plausibility of potential causes.
[ E] First, they explain that if a given variable is playing a role in affecting wellbeing, then we should
expect any change in that variable to correlate with the observed changes in wellbeing. If not, it
is not plausible that the variable is a causal factor. So the researchers looked at time spent in a
number of activities that could plausibly be driving the wellbeing decline. Less sport, and fewer
6 , 6

----- PAGE 265 -----
meetings with peers correlated with lower wellbeing, as did less time reading print media
(newspapers) and, surprisingly, less time doing homework. (This last finding would appear to
contradict another popular hypothesis that it is our burdening of students with assignments that
is causing all the problems.) In addition, more TV watching and more electronic communication
both correlated with lower wellbeing. All these effects held true for measures of happiness, life
satisfaction and self-esteem, with the effects stronger in the 8th and lOth-graders.
[ F ] Next, Twenge's team dug a little deeper into the data on screen time. They found that
adolescents who spent a very small amount of time on digital devices—a couple of hours a
week- had the highest wellbeing. Their wellbeing was even higher than those who never used
such devices. However, higher doses of screen time were clearly associated with lower
happiness. Those spending 10-19 hours per week on their devices were 41 percent more likely
to be unhappy than lower-frequency users. Those who used such devices 40 hours a week or
more (one in ten teenagers) were twice as likely to be unhappy. The data was slightly
complicated by the fact that there was a tendency fbr kids who were social in the real world to
also use more online communication, but by bracketing out different cases it became clear that
the real-world sociality component correlated with greater wellbeing, whereas greater time on
screens or online only correlated with poorer wellbeing.
[ G] So far, so plausible. But the next question is, are the drops in average wellbeing happening at
the same time as trends toward increased electronic device usage? It looks like it- after all,
2012 was the tipping point when more than half of Americans began owning smartphones.
Twenge and her colleagues also found that across the key years of 2013-16, wellbeing was
indeed lowest in years where adolescents spent more time online, on social media, and reading
news online, and when more youth in the United States had smartphones. And in a second
analysis, they found that where technology went, dips in wellbeing followed. For instance, years
with a larger increase in online usage were followed by years with lower wellbeing, rather than
the other way around. This does not prove causality, but is consistent with it. Meanwhile, TV
use did not show this tracking. TV might make you less happy, but this is not what seems to be
driving the recent declines in young people's average happiness.
[H] A similar but reversed pattern was found for the activities associated with greater wellbeing. For
example, years when people spent more time with friends were better years fbr wellbeing (and
followed by better years). Sadly, the data also showed face-to-face socializing and sports activity
had declined over the period covered by the survey.
[ I] There is another explanation that Twenge and her colleagues wanted to address: the impact of the
great recession of 2007-2009, which hit a great number of American families and might be
6 ・ 7

----- PAGE 266 -----
affecting adolescents. The dataset they used did not include economic data, so instead the
researchers looked at whether the 2013-16 wellbeing decline was tracking economic indicators.
They found some evidence that some crude measures, like income inequality, correlated with
changes in wellbeing, but economic measures with a more direct impact, like family income and
unemployment rates (which put families into difficulties), had no relationship with wellbeing.
The researchers also note that the recession hit some years before we see the beginning of the
wellbeing drop, and before the steepest wellbeing decline, which occurred in 2013.
[ J ] The researchers conclude that electronic communication was the only adolescent activity that
increased at the same time psychological wellbeing declined. I suspect that some experts in the
field will be keen to address alternative explanations, such as unassessed variables playing a role
in the wellbeing decline. But the new work does go further than previous research and suggests
that screen time should still be considered a potential barrier to young people's flourishing.
36. The year when most Americans began using smartphones was identified as a turning point in
young Americans, level of happiness.
37. Scores in various wellbeing measures began to go downward among young Americans in recent
years.
38. Unfortunately, activities involving direct contact with people, which contributed to better
wellbeing, were found to be on the decline.
39. In response to past critics, Twenge and her co-researchers stress they are not trying to prove that
the use of digital devices reduces young people's wellbeing.
40. In the last few decades of the 20th century, living standards went up and economic depressions
were largely averted in the US.
41. Contrary to popular belief, doing homework might add to students, wellbeing.
42. The author believes the researchers5 new study has gone a step further regarding the impact of
screen time on wellbeing.
43. The researchers found that extended screen time makes young people less happy.
44. Data reveals that economic inequality rather than family income might affect people's wellbeing.
45. Too much screen time is widely believed to be the cause of unhappiness among today's young
people.
6 ・ 8

----- PAGE 267 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
“The dangerous thing about lying is people don't understand how the act changes us,“ says Dan
Ariely, behavioural psychologist at Duke University. Psychologists have documented children lying as
early as the age of two. Some experts even consider lying a developmental milestone, like crawling
and walking, because it requires sophisticated planning, attention and the ability to see a situation
from someone else's perspective to manipulate them. But, fbr most people, lying gets limited as we
develop a sense of morality and the ability to self^regulate.
Harvard cognitive neuroscientist Joshua Greene says, fbr most of us, lying takes work. In studies,
he gave study subjects a chance to deceive fbr monetary gain while examining their brains in a
functional MRI machine, which maps blood flow to active parts of the brain. Some people told the
truth instantly and instinctively. But others opted to lie, and they showed increased activity in their
frontal parietal (颅腔壁的)control network, which is involved in difficult or complex thinking. This
suggests that they were deciding between truth and dishonesty—and ultimately opting for the latter.
For a follow-up analysis, he found that people whose neural ( 神经的) reward centres were more
active when they won money were also more likely to be among the group of liars- suggesting that
lying may have to do with the inability to resist temptation.
External conditions also matter in terms of when and how often we lie.We are more likely to lie,
research shows, when we are able to rationalise it, when we are stressed and fatigued or see others
being dishonest. And we are less likely to lie when we have moral reminders or when we think others
are watching. u We as a society need to understand that, when we don't punish lying, we increase the
probability it will happen again,“ Ariely says.
In a 2016 study published in the journal Nature Neuroscience, Ariely and colleagues showed how
dishonesty alters people's brains, making it easier to tell lies in the future. When people uttered a
falsehood, the scientists noticed a burst of activity in their amygdala. The amygdala is a crucial part of
the brain that produces fear, anxiety and emotional responses including that sinking, guilty feeling you
get when you lie. But when scientists had their subjects play a game- in which they won money by
deceiving their partner, they noticed the negative signals from the amygdala began to decrease. Not
only that, but when people faced no consequences for dishonesty, their falsehoods tended to get even
more sensational. This means that if you give people multiple opportunities to lie for their own
benefit, they start with little lies which get bigger over time.
6 ・ 9

----- PAGE 268 -----
46. Why do some experts consider lying a milestone in a child's development?
A) It shows they have the ability to view complex situations from different angles.
B) It indicates they have an ability more remarkable than crawling and walking.
C) It represents their ability to actively interact with people around them.
D) It involves the coordination of both their mental and physical abilities.
47. Why does the Harvard neuroscientist say that lying takes work?
A) It is hard to choose from several options.
B) It is difficult to sound natural or plausible.
C) It requires speedy blood flow into one's brain.
D) It involves lots of sophisticated mental activity.
48. Under what circumstances do people tend to lie?
A) When they become too emotional.
B) When they face too much peer pressure.
C) When the temptation is too strong.
D) When the consequences are not imminent.
49. When are people less likely to lie?
A) When they are worn out and stressed.
B) When they are under watchful eyes.
C) When they think in a rational way.
D) When they have a clear conscience.
50. What does the author say will happen when a liar does not get punished?
A) They may feel justified.
B) They will tell bigger lies.
C) They will become complacent.
D) They may mix lies and truths.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Here's how the Pacific Northwest is preparing for “The Big One". Ifs the mother of all disaster
drills for what could be the worst disaster in American history. California has spent years preparing
for “The Big One”- the inevitable earthquake that will undoubtedly unleash all kinds of havoc along
the famous San Andreas fault (断层).But what if the fault that runs along the Pacific Northwest
delivers a gigantic earthquake of its own? If the people of the Cascadia region have anything to do
with it, they won't be caught unawares.
6 • 10

----- PAGE 269 -----
The region is engaged in a multi-day earthquake-and-tsunami (海啸)drill involving around
20,000 people. The Cascadia Rising drill gives area residents and emergency responders a chance to
practice what to do in case of a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and tsunami along one of the nation's
dangerous- and underestimated- faults.
The Cascadia Earthquake Zone is big enough to compete with San Andreas (ifs been called the
most dangerous fault in America), but it's much lesser known than its California cousin. Nearly 700
miles long, the earthquake zone is located by the North American Plate off the coast of Pacific British
Columbia, Washington, Oregon and Northern California.
Cascadia is whafs known as a “ megathrust“ fault. Megathrusts are created in earthquake
zones- land plate boundaries where two plates converge. In the areas where one plate is beneath
another, stress builds up over time. During a megathrust event, all of that stress releases and some of
the world's most powerful earthquakes occur. Remember the 9.1 earthquake and tsunami in the Indian
Ocean off Sumatra in 2004? It was caused by a megathrust event as the India plate moved beneath
the Burma micro-plate.
The last time a major earthquake occurred along the Cascadia fault was in 1700, so officials
worry that another event could occur any time. To prevent that event from becoming a catastrophe,
first responders will join members of the public in rehearsals that involve communication, evacuation,
search and rescue, and other scenarios.
Thousands of casualties are expected if a 9.0 earthquake were to occur. First, the earthquake
would shake metropolitan areas including Seattle and Portland. This could trigger a tsunami that
would create havoc along the coast. Not all casualties can necessarily be prevented—but by
coordinating across local, state, and even national borders, officials hope that the worst-case scenario
can be averted. On the exercise's website, officials explain that the report they prepare during this
rehearsal will inform disaster management fbr years to come.
For hundreds of thousands of Cascadia residents, “ The Big One" isn't a question of if, only
when. And it's never too early to get ready fbr the inevitable.
51. What does u The Big Onen refer to?
A) A gigantic geological fault.
B) A large-scale exercise to prepare for disasters.
C) A massive natural catastrophe.
D) A huge tsunami on the California coast.
52. What is the purpose of the Cascadia Rising drill?
A) To prepare people fbr a major earthquake and tsunami.
B) To increase residents, awareness of imminent disasters.
C) To teach people how to adapt to post-disaster life.
D) To cope with the aftermath of a possible earthquake.
6 ・ 11

----- PAGE 270 -----
53. What happens in case of a megathrust earthquake according to the passage?
A) Two plates merge into one.
B) A variety of forces converge.
C) Boundaries blur between plates.
D) Enormous stress is released.
54. What do the officials hope to achieve through the drills?
A) Coordinating various disaster-relief efforts.
B) Reducing casualties in the event of a disaster.
C) Minimizing property loss caused by disasters.
D) Establishing disaster and emergency management.
55. What does the author say about 41 The Big One”?
A) Whether it will occur remains to be seen.
B) How it will arrive is too early to predict.
C) Its occurrence is just a matter of time.
D) It keeps haunting Cascadia residents.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
牡丹(peony)花色艳丽，形象高雅，象征着和平与繁荣，因而在中国被称为“花中之王”。中
国许多地方都培育和种植牡丹。千百年来，创作了许多诗歌和绘画赞美牡丹。唐代时期，牡丹
在皇家园林普遍种植并被誉为国花，因而特别风行。十世纪时,洛阳古城成为牡丹栽培中心，而
且这一地位一直保持到今天。现在，成千上万的国内外游客蜂拥到洛阳参加一年一度的牡丹
节，欣赏洛阳牡丹的独特之美，同时探索九朝古都的历史。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 271 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
having a sense of social responsibility. You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 272 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2019年1 2 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 273 -----
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
4) , B) , C) and £)). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) It focuses exclusively on jazz.
B) It sponsors major jazz concerts.
C) It has several branches in London.
D) It displays albums by new music talents.
2. A) It originated with cowboys.
B) Its market has now shrunk.
C) Its listeners are mostly young people.
D) It remains as widespread as hip hop music.
3. A) Its definition is varied and complicated.
B) It is still going through experimentation.
C) It is frequently accompanied by singing.
D) Its style has remained largely unchanged.
4. A) Learn to play them.
B) Take music lessons.
C) Listen to them yourself.
D) Consult jazz musicians.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) She paid her mortgage.
B) She called on the man.
C) She made a business plan.
D) She went to the bank.
6. A) Her previous debt hadn't been cleared yet.
B) Her credit history was considered poor.
C) She had apparently asked for too much.
D) She didn't pay her mortgage in time.
7. A) Pay a debt long overdue.
B) Buy a piece of property.
C) Start her own business.
D) Check her credit history.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 274 -----
8. A) Seek advice from an expert about fundraising.
B) Ask fbr smaller loans from different lenders.
C) Build up her own finances step by step.
D) Revise her business proposal carefully.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) ,B ) , C)
and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It is profitable and environmentally friendly.
B) It is well located and completely automated.
C) It is small and unconventional.
D) It is fertile and productive.
10. A) Their urge to make farming more enjoyable.
B) Their desire to improve farming equipment.
C) Their hope to revitalize traditional farming.
D) Their wish to set a new farming standard
11. A) It saves a lot of electricity. 
C) It causes hardly any pollution.
B) It needs little maintenance. 
D) It loosens soil while weeding.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) It has turned certain insects into a new food source.
B) It has started to expand business outside the UK.
C) It has imported some exotic foods from overseas.
D) It has joined hands with Sainsbury's to sell pet insects.
13. A) It was really unforgettable. 
C) It hurt his throat slightly.
B) It was a pleasant surprise. 
D) It made him feel strange.
6 ・ 2

----- PAGE 275 -----
14. A) They are more tasty than beef, chicken or pork.
B) They are more nutritious than soups and salads.
C) They contain more protein than conventional meats.
D) They will soon gain popularity throughout the world.
15. A) It is environmentally friendly. 
C) It requires new technology.
B) It is a promising industry. 
D) It saves huge amounts of labour.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) To categorize different types of learners.
B) To find out what students prefer to learn.
C) To understand the mechanism of the human brain.
D) To see if they are inherent traits affecting learning.
17. A) It was defective. 
C) It was original in design.
B) It was misguided. 
D) It was thought-provoking.
18. A) Auditory aids are as important as visual aids.
B) Visual aids are helpful to all types of learners.
C) Reading plain texts is more effective than viewing pictures.
D) Scientific concepts are hard to understand without visual aids.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Not playing a role in a workplace revolution.
B) Not benefiting from free-market capitalism.
C) Not earning enough money to provide for the family.
D) Not spending enough time on family life and leisure.
6 , 3

----- PAGE 276 -----
20. A) People would be working only fifteen hours a week now.
B) The balance of power in the workplace would change.
C) Technological advances would create many new jobs.
D) Most workers could afford to have house of their own.
21. A) Loss of workers5 personal dignity.
B) Deprivation of workers' creativity.
C) Deterioration of workers9 mental health.
D) Unequal distribution of working hours.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
22. A) It is the worst managed airport in German history.
B) It is now the biggest and busiest airport in Europe.
C) It has become something of a joke among Germans.
D) It has become a typical symbol of German efficiency.
23. A) The city's airports are outdated. 
C) The city wanted to boost its economy.
B) The city had just been reunified. 
D) The city wanted to attract more tourists.
24. A) The municipal government kept changing hands.
B) The construction firm breached the contract.
C) Shortage of funding delayed its construction.
D) Problems of different kinds kept popping up.
25. A) Tourism industry in Berlin suffers. 
C) Huge maintenance costs accumulate.
B) All kinds of equipment gets rusted. 
D) Complaints by local residents increase.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
6 • 4

----- PAGE 277 -----
The persistent haze over many of our cities is a reminder of the polluted air that we breathe.
Over 80% of the world's urban population is breathing air that fails to meet World Health
Organisation guidelines, and an estimated 4.5 million people died 
26 
from outdoor air pollution
in 2015.
Globally, urban populations are expected to double in the next 40 years, and an extra 2 billion
people will need new places to live, as well as services and ways to move around their cities. What is
more important, the decisions that we make now about the design of our cities will 
27 
the
everyday lives and health of the coming generations. So what would a smog-free, or at least low-
pollution, city be like?
Traffic has become 
28 
with air pollution, and many countries intend to ban the sale of new
petrol and diesel cars in the next two decades. But simply 
29 
to electric cars will not mean
pollution-free cities. The level of emissions they cause will depend on how the electricity to run them
is 
30 
, while brakes, tyres and roads all create tiny airborne 
31 
as they wear out.
Across the developed world, car use is in decline as more people move to city centers, while
young people especially are 
32 
for other means of travel. Researchers are already asking if motor
vehicle use has reached its 
33 
and will decline, but transport planners have yet to catch up with
this 
34 
, instead of laying new roads to tackle traffic jams. As users of London's orbital M25
motorway will know, new roads rapidly fill with more traffic. In the US, studies have shown that
doubling the size of a road can 
35 
double the traffic, taking us back to the starting point.
Section B
Directions ： In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph 力•。机
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A n sw er S h eet 2.
A)
alternate
I)
particles
B)
crown
J)
peak
C)
determine
K)
prematurely
D)
generated
L)
simply
E)
locating
M)
switching
F)
merged
N)
synonymous
G)
miniatures
0)
trend
H)
opting
6 ・ 5

----- PAGE 278 -----
How Much Protein Do You Really Need?
[A] The marketing is tempting: Get stronger muscles and healthier bodies with minimal effort by
adding protein powder to your morning shake or juice drink. Or grab a protein bar at lunch or for
a quick snack. Today, you can find protein supplements everywhere -  online or at the pharmacy,
grocery store or health food store. They come in powders, pills and bars. With more than $ 12
billion in sales this year, the industry is booming and, according to the market research company,
Grand View Research, is on track to sell billions more by 2025. But do we really need all this
supplemental protein? It depends. There are pros, cons and some other things to consider.
[B] For starters, protein is critical for every cell in our body. It helps build nails, hair, bones and
muscles. It can also help you feel fuller longer than eating foods without protein. And, unlike
nutrients that are found only in a few foods, protein is present in all foods. " The typical
American diet is a lot higher in protein than a lot of us think," says registered dietitian Angela
Pipitone. "It's in foods many of us expect, such as beef, chicken and other types of meat and
dairy. But ifs also in foods that may not come immediately to mind like vegetables, fruit, beans
and grains.n
[C] The U.S. govemmenfs recommended daily allowance （RDA） fbr the average adult is 50 to 60
grams of protein a day. This may sound like a lot, but Pipitone says: " We get bits of protein here
and there and that really adds up throughout the day." Take, fbr example, breakfast. If you eat
two eggs topped with a little bit of cheese and an orange on the side, you already have 22 grams
of protein. Each egg gives you 7 grams, the cheese gives you about 6 grams and the orange 一
about 2 grams. Add a lunch of chicken, rice and broccoli （西兰花），and you are already over the
recommended 50 grams. u You can get enough protein and meet the RDA before you even get to
dinner,n says Pipitone.
[D] So if it's so easy to get your protein in food, why add more in the form of powders, snack bars or
a boost at your local juice bar? No need to, says Pipitone, because, in fact, most of us already get
enough protein in our diet. " Whole foods are always the best option rather than adding
supplements,she says, noting the FDA does not regulate supplements as rigorously as foods or
drugs. So there could be less protein, more sugar and some additives you wouldn't expect, such
as caffeine （咖啡因）.
[E] If you are considering a supplement, read the list of ingredients, she says, although this is not
always reliable. u Tve seen very expensive protein supplements that claim to be high quality but
6 , 6

----- PAGE 279 -----
they might not really be beneficial for the average healthy adult,“ she says. "It could just be a
waste of money.”
[F] But there are certain situations that do warrant extra protein. " Anytime you're repairing or
building muscle," Pipitone says, such as if you're an extreme endurance athlete, training for a
marathon, or you're a body builder. If you're moderately exercising for 150 minutes a week, as
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends, or less than that, you're probably
not an extreme athlete. Extreme athletes expend lots of energy breaking down and repairing and
building muscles. Protein can give them the edge they need to speed that process.
[G] Vegans can benefit from protein supplements since they do not eat animal-based protein sources
like meat, dairy or eggs. And, for someone always on-the-go who may not have time for a meal,
a protein snack bar can be a good option for occasional meal replacement. Also, individuals
recovering from surgery or an injury can also benefit from extra protein. So, too, can older
people. At around age 60, u muscles really start to break down," says Kathryn Starr, an aging
researcher, u and because of that, the protein needs of an older adult actually increase.v
[H] In fact, along with her colleague Connie Bales, Starr recently conducted a small study that found
that adding extra protein foods to the diet of obese older individuals who were trying to lose
weight strengthened their muscles. Participants in the study were separated into two groups 一
one group was asked to eat 30 grams of protein per meal in the form of whole foods. That meant
they were eating 90 grams of protein a day. The other group -  the control group -  was put on
a typical low-calorie diet with about 50 to 60 grams of protein a day. After six months,
researchers found the high protein group had significantly improved their muscle function 一
almost twice as much as the control group. " They were able to walk faster, had improved
balance, and were also able to get up out of a chair faster than the control group,“ Starr says. All
67 participants were over 60 years of age, and both groups lost about the same amount of weight.
[I] Starr is now looking into whether high-protein diets also improve the quality of the muscle itself in
seniors. She's using CT scans to measure muscle size and fat, and comparing seniors on a high-
protein diet to those on regular diets. She says her findings should be available in a couple of months.
6 ・ 7

----- PAGE 280 -----
[J] In the meantime, 70-year-old Corliss Keith, who was in the high protein group in Starr's latest
study, says she feels a big difference. "I feel excellent," she says. UI feel like I have a different
body, I have more energy, I'm stronger." She says she is able to take Zumba exercise classes three
times a week, work out on the treadmill （跑步机），and take long, brisk walks. Keith also lost more
than 15 pounds. u Pm a fashionable person, so now I'm back in my 3-inch heels,“ she says.
[K] As people age, Starr says muscle strength is key to helping them stay strong and continue living
on their own in their own home. HI feel very much alive now,“ says Keith. "I feel like I could
stay by myself until Pm 100.”
[L] But can people overdo protein? Pipitone says you do have to be careful. Other researchers say
too much protein can cause cramps （痉挛），headaches, and fatigue. De/iydra力，。九（脱水）is also a
risk when you eat too much protein. Pipitone says if you increase protein, you also have to
increase your fluid intake. " I always tell people to make sure they're drinking enough fluids,"
which fbr the average person is 60 to 70 ounces a day, which translates into eight 8-ounce glasses
of water or liquid per day.
[M] There have been some indications that extra protein makes the kidneys work harder, which could
be problematic fbr individuals with a history of kidney disease and for them, the supplements may
increase the risk of kidney stones, she says.
[N] Bottom line, if you think you need more protein in your diet, consider these questions: Are you
an extreme athlete; are you recovering from injury or surgery; or are you 60 years or older? If so,
adding high protein foods like eggs and meat products to your diet can be beneficial. And, if
you're not sure, it is always a good idea to check with your primary care provider.
36. It is quite easy fbr one to take in the recommended amount of protein.
37. Pipitone claims that healthy adults need not spend money on protein supplements.
38. The protein supplement business is found to be thriving.
39. Protein can speed the repairing of damaged muscles.
40. Protein supplements may overburden some internal organ, thus leading to its malfunctioning.
41. Older adults need to take in more protein to keep their muscles strong.
6 ・ 8

----- PAGE 281 -----
42. Protein is found in more foods than people might realize.
43. Additional protein was found to help strengthen the muscles of overweight seniors seeking weight loss.
44. Pipitone believes that whole foods provide the best source of protein.
45. People are advised to drink more liquid when they take in more protein.
Section C
Directions ；
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Last year, a child was bom at a hospital in the UK with her heart outside her body. Few babies
survive this rare condition, and those who do must endure numerous operations and are likely to have
complex needs. When her mother was interviewed, three weeks after her daughter's birth, she was
asked if she was prepared for what might be a daunting (令人生畏的)task caring fbr her. She
answered without hesitation that, as far as she was concerned, this would be a “privilege” .
Rarely has there been a better example of the power of attitude, one of our most powerful
psychological tools. Our attitudes allow us to turn mistakes into opportunities, and loss into the
chance for new beginnings. An attitude is a settled way of thinking, feeling and/or behaving towards
particular objects, people, events or ideologies. We use our attitudes to filter, interpret and react to the
world around us. You weren't bom with attitudes; rather they are all learned, and this happens in a
number of ways.
The most powerful influences occur during early childhood and include both what happened to
you directly, and what those around you did and said in your presence. As you acquire a distinctive
identity, your attitudes are further refined by the behavior of those with whom you identify—your
family, those of your gender and culture, and the people you admire, even though you may not know
them personally. Friendships and other important relationships become increasingly important,
particularly during adolescence. About that same time and throughout adulthood, the information you
receive, especially when ideas are repeated in association with goals and achievements you find
attractive, also refines your attitudes.
Many people assume that our attitudes are internally consistent, that is, the way you think and
6 ・ 9

----- PAGE 282 -----
feel about someone or something predicts your behavior towards them. However, many studies have
found that feelings and thoughts don't necessarily predict behavior. In general, your attitudes will be
internally consistent only when the behavior is easy, and when those around you hold similar beliefs.
Thafs why, fbr example, many say they believe in the benefits of recycling or exercise, but don't
behave in line with their views, because it takes awareness, effort and courage to go beyond merely
stating that you believe something is a good idea.
One of the most effective ways to change an attitude is to start behaving as if you already feel
and think the way you'd prefer to. Take some time to reflect on your attitudes, to think about what
you believe and why. Is there anything you consider a burden rather than a privilege? If so, start
behaving- right now- as if the latter is the case.
46. What do we learn from the passage about attitude?
A) It shapes our beliefs and ideologies.
B) It improves our psychological wellbeing.
C) It detennines how we respond to our immediate environment.
D) It changes the way we think, feel and interact with one another.
47. What can contribute to the refinement of one's attitude, according to the passage?
A) Their idols' behaviors. 
C) Their contact with the opposite gender.
B) Their educational level. 
D) Their interaction with different cultures.
48. What do many studies find about people's feelings and thoughts?
A) They may not suggest how a person is going to behave.
B) They are in a way consistent with a person's mentality.
C) They may not find expression in interpersonal relations.
D) They are in line with a person's behavior no matter what.
49. How come many people don't do what they believe is good?
A) They can't afford the time. 
C) They are hypocritical.
B) They have no idea how to. 
D) They lack willpower.
50. What is proposed as a strategy to change attitude?
A) Changing things that require one's immediate attention.
B) Starting to act in a way that embodies one's aspirations.
C) Adjusting one's behavior gradually over a period of time.
D) Considering ways of reducing one's psychological burdens.
6 • 10

----- PAGE 283 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Industrial fishing fbr krill (鳞虾)in the unspoilt waters around Antarctica is threatening the
future of one of the world's last great wildernesses, according to a new report.
The study by Greenpeace analysed the movements of krill fishing vessels in the region and
found they were increasingly operating u in the immediate vicinity of penguin colonies and whale
feeding groundsn . It also highlights incidents of fishing boats being involved in groundings, oil spills
and accidents, which posed a serious threat to the Antarctic ecosystem.
The report, published on Tuesday, comes amid growing concern about the impact of fishing and
climate change on the Antarctic. A global campaign has been launched to create a network of ocean
sanctuaries to protect the seas in the region and Greenpeace is calling fbr an immediate halt to fishing
in areas being considered fbr sanctuary status.
Frida Bengtsson from Greenpeace's Protect the Antarctic campaign said: " If the krill industry
wants to show ifs a responsible player, then it should be voluntarily getting out of any area which is
being proposed as an ocean sanctuary, and should instead be backing the protection of these huge
tracts of the Antarctic.”
A global campaign has been launched to turn a huge tract of Antarctic seas into ocean
sanctuaries, protecting wildlife and banning not just krill fishing, but all fishing. One was created in
the Ross Sea in 2016, another reserve is being proposed in a vast area of the Weddell Sea, and a third
sanctuary is under consideration in the area west of the Antarctic Peninsula- a key krill fishing area.
The Commission for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources (CCAMLR)
manages the seas around Antarctica. It will decide on the Weddell Sea sanctuary proposal at a
conference in Australia in October, although a decision on the peninsula sanctuary is not expected
until later.
Keith Reid, a science manager at CCAMLR, said that the organisation sought “ a balance
between protection, conservation and sustainable fishing in the Southern Ocean/' He said although
more fishing was taking place nearer penguin colonies it was often happening later in the season
when these colonies were empty.
“The creation of a system of marine protected areas is a key part of ongoing scientific and
policy discussions in CCAMLR,“ he added. u Our long-term operation in the region depends on a
healthy and thriving Antarctic marine ecosystem, which is why we have always had an open dialogue
with the environmental non-govemmental organisations. We strongly intend to continue this dialogue,
including talks with Greenpeace, to discuss improvements based on the latest scientific data. We are
not the ones to decide on the establishment of marine protected areas, but we hope to contribute
positively with our knowledge and experience."
6 ・ 11

----- PAGE 284 -----
51. What does Greenpeace's study find about krill fishing?
A) It caused a great many penguins and whales to migrate.
B) It was depriving penguins and whales of their habitats.
C) It was carried out too close to the habitats of penguins and whales.
D) It posed an unprecedented threat to the wildlife around Antarctica.
52. For what purpose has a global campaign been launched?
A) To reduce the impact of climate change on Antarctica.
B) To establish conservation areas in the Antarctic region.
C) To regulate krill fishing operations in the Antarctic seas.
D) To publicise the concern about the impact of krill fishing.
53. What is Greenpeace's recommendation to the krill industry?
A) Opting to operate away from the suggested conservation areas.
B) Volunteering to protect the endangered species in the Antarctic.
C) Refraining from krill fishing throughout the breeding season.
D) Showing its sense of responsibility by leading the global campaign.
54. What did CCAMLR aim to do according to its science manager?
A) Raise public awareness of the vulnerability of Antarctic species.
B) Ban all commercial fishing operations in the Southern Ocean.
C) Keep the penguin colonies from all fishing interference.
D) Sustain fishing without damaging the Antarctic ecosystem.
55. How does CCAMLR define its role in the conservation of the Antarctic environment?
A) A coordinator in policy discussions. 
C) A provider of the needed expertise.
B) An authority on big data analysis. 
D) An initiator of marine sanctuaries.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
梅花(plum blossom)位居中国十大名花之首，源于中国南方，已有三千多年的栽培和种植
历史。隆冬时节，五颜六色的梅花不畏严寒，迎着风雪傲然绽放。在中国传统文化中，梅花象征
着坚强、纯洁、高雅，激励人们不畏艰难、砥砺前行。自古以来，许多诗人和画家从梅花中获取灵
感，创作了无数不朽的作品。普通大众也都喜爱梅花,春节期间常用于家庭装饰。南京市已将
梅花定为市花，每年举办梅花节，成千上万的人冒着严寒到梅花山踏雪赏梅。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 285 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
having a sense of family responsibility. You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 286 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2019年1 2 月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 287 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
特别说明
¥ 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
I
I 第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
, ^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » 7
1
Part III
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A n sw er S h e e t 2  with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than
once.
The number of devices you can talk to is multiplying- first it was your phone, then your car,
and now you can tell your kitchen appliances what to do. But even without gadgets that understand
our spoken commands, research suggests that, as bizarre as it sounds, under certain 
26 
, people
regularly ascribe human traits to everyday objects.
Sometimes we see things as human because we are 
27 
In one experiment, people who
reported feeling isolated were more likely than others to attribute 
28 
to various gadgets. In turn,
feeling close to objects can 
29 
loneliness. When college students were reminded of a time they
had been 
30 
in a social setting, they compensated by exaggerating their number of friends- unless
they were first given tasks that caused them to interact with their phone as if it had human qualities.
According to the researchers, the participants5 phones 
31 
substituted for real friends.
At other times, we personify products in an effort to understand them. One study found that
three in four respondents yelled at their computer. Further, the more their computer gave them
problems, the more likely the respondents were to report that it had its own <l beliefs and 
32
So how do people assign traits to an object? In part, we rely on looks. On humans, wide faces
are 
33 
with dominance. Similarly, people rated cars, clocks, and watches with wide faces as more
dominant-looking than narrow-faced ones, and preferred them- especially in 
34 
situations. An
analysis of car sales in Germany found that cars with grilles (护栅)that were upturned like smiles
sold best. The purchasers saw this 
35 
as increasing a car's friendliness.
6 ・ 1

----- PAGE 288 -----
A)
alleviate
I)
desires
B)
apparently
J)
excluded
C)
arrogant
K)
feature
D)
associated
L)
lonely
E)
circumstances
M)
separate
F)
competitive
N)
spectacularly
G)
conceded
0)
warrant
H)
consciousness
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Why More Farmers Are Making The Switch to Grass-Fed Meat and Dairy
[ A ] Though he didn't come from a forming family, from a young age Tim Joseph was fascinated by
the idea of living off the land. Reading magazines like The Stockman Grass Farmer and Graze, he
got hooked on the idea of grass-fed agriculture. The idea that all energy and wealth comes from
the sun really intrigued him. He thought the shorter the distance between the sun and the end
product, the higher the profit to the farmer.
[ B] Joseph wanted to put this theory to the test. In 2009, he and his wife Laura launched Maple Hill
Creamery, an organic, all grass-fed yogurt company in northern New York. He quickly learned
what the market has demonstrated: Demand fbr grass-fed products currently exceeds supply.
Grass-fed beef is enjoying a 25-30% annual growth rate. Sales of grass-fed yogurt and kefir (发
酵乳饮品)，on the other hand, have in the last year increased by over 38%. This is in
comparison with a drop of just under 1% in the total yogurt and kefir market, according to
natural and organic market research company SPINS. Joseph's top priority became getting his
hands on enough grass-fed milk to keep customers satisfied, since his own 64-cow herd wasn't
going to suffice.
[ C] His first partnership was with Paul and Phyllis Amburgh, owners of the Dharma Lea form in
New York. The Amburghs, too, were true believers in grass-fed. In addition to supplying milk
from their own 85-head herd, they began to help other fanners in the area convert from
conventional to certified organic and grass-fed in order to enter the Maple Hill supply chain.
6 ・ 2

----- PAGE 289 -----
Since 2010, the couple has helped 125 small dairy forms convert to grass-fed, with more than
80% of those farms coming on board during the last two years.
[ D ] All this conversion has helped Maple Hill grow 40-50% every year since it began, with no end
in sight. Joseph has learned that a farmer has to have a certain mindset to successfully convert.
But convincing open-minded dairy people is actually not that hard, when you look at the
economics. Grass-fed milk can fetch up 2.5 times the price of conventional milk. Another factor
is the squeeze that conventional dairy formers have felt as the price of grain they feed their cows
has gone up, tightening their profit margins. By replacing expensive grain feed with regenerative
management practices, grass-fed fanners are insulated from jumps in the price of feed. These
practices include grazing animals on grasses grown from the pastureland's natural seed bank,
and fertilized by the cows' own fertilizer.
[ E] Champions of this type of regenerative grazing also point to its animal welfare, climate and
health benefits: Grass-fed animals live longer out of confinement. Grazing herds stimulate
microbial （微生物自勺）activity in the soil, helping to capture water and separate carbon. And
grass-fed dairy and meat have been shown to be higher in certain nutrients and healthy fats.
[F] In the grass fed system, farmers are also not subject to the wildly fluctuating milk prices of the
international commodity market. The unpredictability of global demand and the lag-time it takes
to add more cows to a herd to meet demand can result in events like the recent cheese surplus.
Going grass-fed is a safe refuge, a way for family-scale farms to stay viable. Usually a farmer
will get to the point where financially, what they're doing is not working. Thafs when they call
Maple Hill. If the farm is well managed and has enough land, and the desire to convert is
sincere, a relationship can begin. Through regular regional educational meetings, a large annual
meeting, individual farm visits and thousands of phone calls, the Amburghs pass on the
principles of pasture management. Maple Hill signs a contract pledging to buy the farmers milk
at a guaranteed base price, plus quality premiums and incentives fbr higher protein, butter-fat
and other solids.
[ G ] While Maple HilFs conversion program is unusually hands-on and comprehensive, ifs just one
of a growing number of businesses committed to slowly changing the way America farms.
Joseph calls sharing his knowledge network through peer-to-peer learning a core piece of the
company's culture. Last summer, Massachusetts grass-fed beef advocate John Smith launched
Big Picture Beef, a network of small grass-fed beef forms in New England and New York that is
projected to bring to market 2,500 head of cattle from 125 producers this year. Early indications
are that Smith will have no shortage of farm members. Since he began to informally announce
the network at farming conferences and on social media, he's received a steady stream of
inquiries from interested farmers.
6 , 3

----- PAGE 290 -----
[ H] Smith says he'll provide services ranging from formal seminars to on-farm workshops on holistic
（整体的）management, to one-on-one hand-holding and an almost 24/7 phone hotline fbr
farmers who are converting. In exchange, he guarantees an above-market price for each animal
and a calf-to-customer electronic ear tag ID system like that used in the European Union.
[ I] Though advocates portray grass fed products as a win-win situation for all, they do have
downsides. Price, for one, is an issue. Joseph says his products are priced 10-20% above organic
versions, but depending on the product chosen, compared to non-organic conventional yogurt,
consumers could pay a premium of 30-50% or more for grass-fed. As for the meat, Smith says
his grass-fed hamburger will be priced 20-25% over the conventional alternative. But a look at
the prices on online grocer Fresh Direct suggests a grass-fed premium of anywhere from
35-60%.
[J] And not every farmer has the option of going grass-fed. For both beef and dairy production it
requires, at least in the beginning, more pastureland. Grass-fed beef production tends to be more
labor-intensive as well. But Smith counters that if you factor in the hidden cost of government
com subsidies, environment degradation, and decreased human heath and animal welfare, grass-
fed is the more cost-effective model. "The sun provides the lowest cost of production and the
cheapest meat," he says.
[ K] Another grass-fed booster spurring farmers to convert is EPIC, which makes meat-based protein
bars. Founders Taylor Collins and his wife, Katie Forrest, used to be endurance athletes; now
出ey're advocates of grass-fed meat. Soon after launching EPIC's most successful product- the
Bison Bacon Cranberry Bar- Collins and Forrest found they'd exhausted their sources fbr bison
（北美野牛）raised exclusively on pasture. When they started researching the supply chain, they
learned that only 2-3% of all bison is actually grass-fed. The rest is feed-lot confined and fed
grain and com.
[ L] But after General Mills bought EPIC in 2016, Collins and Forrest suddenly had the resources
they needed to expand their supply chain. So the company teamed up with Wisconsin-based
rancher Northstar Bison. EPIC fronted the money fbr the purchase of $ 2.5 million worth of
young bison that will be raised according to its grass-fed protocols, with a guaranteed purchase
price. The message to young people who might not otherwise be able to afford to break into the
business is,“ ' You can purchase this $ 3 million piece of land here, because I'm guaranteeing
you today you'll have 1,000 bison on it? We're bringing new blood into the old, conventional
farming ecosystem, which is really cool to see,“ Collins explains.
36. Farmers going grass-fed are not affected by the ever-changing milk prices of the global market.
37. Over the years, Tim Joseph's partners have helped many dairy farmers to switch to grass-fed.
6 ・ 4

----- PAGE 291 -----
38. One advocate believes that many other benefits should be taken into consideration when we assess
the cost-effectiveness of grass-fed farming.
39. Many dairy farmers were persuaded to switch to grass-fed when they saw its advantage in terms
of profits.
40. Tim Joseph's grass-fed program is only one example of how American farming practice is
changing.
41. Tim Joseph was fascinated by the notion that sunlight brings energy and wealth to mankind.
42. One problem with grass-fed products is that they are usually more expensive than conventional
ones.
43. Grass fed products have proved to be healthier and more nutritious.
44. When Tim Joseph started his business, he found grass-fed products fell short of demand.
45. A snack bar producer discovered that the supply of purely grass-fed bison meat was scarce.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Schools are not just a microcosm ( 缩影) of society; they mediate it too. The best seek to
alleviate the external pressures on their pupils while equipping them better to understand and handle
the world outside- at once sheltering them and broadening their horizons. This is ambitious in any
circumstances, and in a divided and unequal society the two ideals can clash outright ( 直接地).
Trips that many adults would consider the adventure of a lifetime—treks in Borneo, a sports tour
to Barbados- appear to have become almost routine at some state schools. Parents are being asked
fbr thousands of pounds. Though schools cannot profit from these trips, the companies that arrange
them do. Meanwhile, pupils arrive at school hungry because their families can't afford breakfast. The
Child Poverty Action Group says nine out of 30 in every classroom fall below the poverty line. The
discrepancy is startlingly apparent. Introducing a fundraising requirement for students does not help,
as better-off children can tap up richer aunts and neighbours.
Probing the rock pools of a local beach or practising French on a language exchange can fire
6 ・ 5

----- PAGE 292 -----
children's passions, boost their skills and open their eyes to life's possibilities. Educational outings
help bright but disadvantaged students to get better scores in A-level tests. In this globalised age,
there is a good case for international travel, and some parents say they can manage the cost of a
school trip abroad more easily than a family holiday. Even in the face of immense and mounting
financial pressures, some schools have shown remarkable determination and ingenuity in ensuring that
all their pupils are able to take up opportunities that may be truly life-changing. They should be
applauded. Methods such as whole-school fundraising, with the proceeds ( 收益)pooled, can help to
extend opportunities and fuel community spirit.
But £ 3,000 trips cannot be justified when the average income for families with children is just
over £ 30,000. Such initiatives close doors for many pupils. Some parents pull their children out of
school because of expensive field trips. Even parents who can see that a trip is little more than a party
or celebration may well feel guilt that their child is left behind.
The Department fbr Education's guidance says schools can charge only for board and lodging if
the trip is part of the syllabus, and that students receiving government aid are exempt from these
costs. However, many schools seem to ignore the advice; and it does not cover the kind of glamorous,
exotic trips, which are becoming increasingly common. Schools cannot be expected to bring together
communities single-handed. But the least we should expect is that they do not foster divisions and
exclude those who are already disadvantaged.
46. What does the author say best schools should do?
A) Prepare students to both challenge and change the divided unequal society.
B) Protect students from social pressures and enable them to face the world.
C) Motivate students to develop their physical as well as intellectual abilities.
D) Encourage students to be ambitious and help them to achieve their goals.
47. What does the author think about school field trips?
A) They enable students from different backgrounds to mix with each other.
B) They widen the gap between privileged and disadvantaged students.
C) They give the disadvantaged students a chance to see the world.
D) They only benefit students with rich relatives and neighbours.
48. What does the author suggest can help build community spirit?
A) Events aiming to improve community services.
B) Activities that help to fuel students5 ingenuity.
C) Events that require mutual understanding.
D) Activities involving all students on campus.
49. What do we learn about low-income parents regarding school field trips?
A) They want their children to participate even though they don't see much benefit.
B) They don't want their kids to participate but find it hard to keep them from going.
C) They don't want their kids to miss any chance to broaden their horizons despite the cost.
6 , 6

----- PAGE 293 -----
D) They want their children to experience adventures but they don't want them to run risks.
50. What is the authofs expectation of schools?
A) Bringing a community together with ingenuity.
B) Resolving the existing discrepancies in society.
C) Avoiding creating new gaps among students.
D) Giving poor students preferential treatment.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Rising temperatures and overfishing in the pristine (未受污染的)waters around the Antarctic
could see king penguin populations pushed to the brink of extinction by the end of the century,
according to a new study. The study5s report states that as global warming transforms the environment
in the world's last great wilderness, 70 percent of king penguins could either disappear or be forced to
find new breeding grounds.
Co-author Celine Le Bohec, from the University of Strasbourg in France, warned: 4tIf there're no
actions aimed at halting or controlling global warming, and the pace of the current human-induced
changes such as climate change and overfishing stays the same, the species may soon disappear.n The
findings come amid growing concern over the future of the Antarctic. Earlier this month a separate
study found that a combination of climate change and industrial fishing is threatening the krill (磷虾)
population in Antarctic waters, with a potentially disastrous impact on whales, seals and penguins. But
today's report is the starkest warning yet of the potentially devastating impact of climate change and
human exploitation on the Antarctic's delicate ecosystems.
Le Bohec said: (l Unless current greenhouse gas emissions drop, 70 percent of king penguins-
1.1
million breeding pairs- will be forced to relocate their breeding grounds, or face extinction by 2100."
King penguins are the second-largest type of penguin and only breed on specific isolated islands in
the Southern Ocean where there is no ice cover and easy access to the sea. As the ocean warms, a
body of water called the Antarctic Polar Front- an upward movement of nutrient-rich sea that
supports a huge abundance of marine life- is being pushed further south. This means that king
penguins, which feed on fish and krill in this body of water, have to travel further to their feeding
grounds, leaving their hungry chicks for longer. And as the distance between their breeding grounds
and their food grows, entire colonies could be wiped out.
Le Bohec said: 11 The plight of the king penguin should serve as a warning about the future of
the entire marine environment in the Antarctic. Penguins, like other seabirds and marine mammals,
occupy higher levels in the food chain and they are what we call bio-indicators of their ecosystems.,,
Penguins are sensitive indicators of changes in marine ecosystems. As such, they are key species fbr
understanding and predicting impacts of global change on Antarctic and sub-Antarctic marine
ecosystems. The report found that although some king penguins may be able to relocate to new
breeding grounds closer to their retreating food source, suitable new habitats would be scarce. Only a
handful of islands in the Southern Ocean are suitable fbr sustaining large breeding colonies.
6 ・ 7

----- PAGE 294 -----
51. What will happen by 2100, according to a new study?
A) King penguins in the Antarctic will be on the verge of dying out.
B) Sea water will rise to a much higher level around the Antarctic.
C) The melting ice cover will destroy the great Antarctic wilderness.
D) The pristine waters around the Antarctic will disappear forever.
52. What do we learn from the findings of a separate study?
A) Shrinking krill population and rising temperatures could force Antarctic whales to migrate.
B) Human activities have accelerated climate change in the Antarctic region in recent years.
C) Industrial fishing and climate change could be fatal to certain Antarctic species.
D) Krill fishing in the Antarctic has worsened the pollution of the pristine waters.
53. What does the passage say about king penguins?
A) They will turn out to be the second-largest species of birds to become extinct.
B) Many of them will have to migrate to isolated islands in the Southern Ocean.
C) They feed primarily on only a few kinds of krill in the Antarctic Polar Front.
D) The majority of them may have to find new breeding grounds in the future.
54. What happens when sea levels rise in the Antarctic?
A) Many baby king penguins can't have food in time.
B) Many king penguins could no longer live on krill.
C) Whales will invade king penguins, breeding grounds.
D) Whales will have to travel long distances to find food.
55. What do we learn about the Southern Ocean?
A) The king penguins there are reluctant to leave fbr new breeding grounds.
B) Its conservation is key to the sustainable propagation of Antarctic species.
C) It is most likely to become the ultimate retreat fbr species like the king penguin.
D) Only a few of its islands can serve as huge breeding grounds for king penguins.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
荷花(lotus flower)是中国的名花之一，深受人们喜爱。中国许多地方的湖泊和池塘都适宜
荷花生长。荷花色彩鲜艳，夏日清晨绽放，夜晚闭合，花期长达两三个月，吸引来自各地的游客
前往观赏。荷花具有多种功能，既能绿化水面,又能美化庭园,还可净化水质、减少污染、改善环
境。荷花迎骄阳而不惧,出污泥而不染，象征纯洁、高雅，常常用来比喻人的高尚品德，历来是诗
人画家创作的重要题材。荷花盛开的地方也是许多摄影爱好者经常光顾之地。
6 • 8

----- PAGE 295 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
having a sense of community responsibility. You should write at least 150 words but
no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 296 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2020年7 月全1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 . 请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 . 请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 . 请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 . 选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 . 未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 . 未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 297 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
回暖就回
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
回痂爆
扫码获音频
1. A) She is a great athlete.
B) She is a famed speaker.
C) She is a famous scientist.
D) She is a noted inventor.
2. A) How knowledge of human biochemistry has been evolving.
B) How nutrition helps athletes, performance in competitions.
C) How scientific training enables athletes to set new records.
D) How technology has helped athletes to scale new heights.
3. A) Our physical structures. 
C) Our biochemical process.
B) Our scientific knowledge. 
D) Our concept of nutrition.
4. A) It may increase the expenses of sports competitions.
B) It may lead to athletes5 over-reliance on equipment.
C) It may give an unfair advantage to some athletes.
D) It may change the nature of sports competitions.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Experience.
B) Flexibility.
C) Family background.
D) Business connections.
6. A) Buying directly from factories.
B) Shipping goods in bulk by sea.
C) Having partners in many parts of the world.
D) Using the same container back and forth.
7. A) Warehouses.
B) Factories.
C) Investors.
D) Retailers.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 298 -----
8. A) Trendy style.
B) Unique design.
C) Lower import duties.
D) Lower shipping costs.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ) ,
C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It helps employees to reduce their stress.
B) It prevents employees from feeling bored.
C) It strengthens harmony among employees.
D) It helps employees to view things positively.
10. A) Weekends are conducive to reducing stress.
B) Humor is vital to interpersonal relationships.
C) All workers experience some emotional stress.
D) Humor can help workers excel at routine tasks.
11. A) Smash the toys to release their bottled-up resentments.
B) Take the boss doll apart as long as they reassemble it.
C) Design and install stress-reducing gadgets.
D) Strike at the boss doll as hard as they like.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) The recent finding of a changed gene in obese mice.
B) A breakthrough in understanding gene modification.
C) A newly discovered way for people to lose weight.
D) The self-repairing ability of a gene in obese mice.
13. A) It renders an organism unable to fight diseases.
B) It prevents the mice's fotty tissues from growing.
C) It helps organisms adapt to environmental changes.
D) It renders mice unable to sense when to stop eating.
6 ・ 2

----- PAGE 299 -----
14. A) Human beings have more obesity genes than most mice do.
B) Half of a person's total weight variation can be controlled.
C) People are bom with a tendency to have a certain weight.
D) The function of the obesity genes is yet to be explored.
15. A) The worsening of natural environment.
B) The abundant provision of rich foods.
C) The accelerated pace of present-day life.
D) The adverse impact of the food industry.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Similarity in interests.
B) Mental stimulation.
17. A) The willingness to offer timely help.
B) The joy found in each othefs company.
18. A) Failure to keep a promise.
B) Lack of frankness.
C) Openness.
D) Compassion.
C) Personal bonds.
D) Emotional factors.
C) Feelings of betrayal.
D) Loss of contact.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Along the low-lying Colorado River.
B) At the Dinosaur National Monument.
C) Along the border of the U.S. and Canada.
D) At museums of natural history in large cities.
20. A) Volcanic explosions could bring whole animal species to extinction.
B) Some natural disaster killed a whole herd of dinosaurs in the area.
C) The pit should be carefully preserved fbr the study of dinosaurs.
D) The whole region must have been struck by a devastating flood.
6 , 3

----- PAGE 300 -----
21. A) They floated down an eastward flowing river.
B) They lay buried deep in the sand fbr millions of years.
C) They were skeletons of dinosaurs inhabiting the locality.
D) They were remains of dinosaurs killed in a volcanic explosion.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Indulging in seeking leisure and material comfort.
B) Attaching too much importance to independence.
C) Failing to care fbr parents in the traditional way.
D) Leaving their parents on the verge of starvation.
23. A) They have great difficulty living by themselves.
B) They have little hope of getting any family care.
C) They have fbnd memories of their good old days.
D) They have a sense of independence and autonomy.
24. A) People in many parts of the world preferred small-sized families.
B) There have been extended families in most parts of the world.
C) Many elderly people were unwilling to take care of their grandchildren.
D) So many young Americans refused to live together with their parents.
25. A) Leave their younger generations alone.
B) Avoid being a burden to their children.
C) Stay healthy by engaging in joyful activities.
D) View things from their children' s perspective.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than
once.
The United Nations issued a report last week warning that humans are destroying nature at such
a rate that life on Earth is at risk. When the report came out, it naturally 
26 
headlines. But
obviously it didn't hijack the news agenda in the manner of a major terrorist attack or 
27 
of war.
6 ・
 4

----- PAGE 301 -----
The report from the Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem
Services (IPBES) is clear on whafs at 
28 
and what needs to change. IPBES chair Robert Watson
says the " 
29 
evidence" presents an 11 ominous ( 凶兆的)p ic tu r e u The health of ecosystems on
which we and all other species depend is 
30 
more rapidly than ever," Robert Watson said, "We
are 
31 
the very foundations of our economies, livelihoods, food security, health and quality of
life worldwide/' The report says ifs not too late if we make u transformative changev - fundamental,
system-wide reorganization- at every level from local to global, and we need to focus on how to
make that happen.
First, don5t indulge in despair, because despair leads to inertia and doing nothing means certain
32 
. Every action to save nature will improve our collective and personal futures and the only
way to respond to a threat of this scale is with 
33 
action rooted in headstrong optimism. Second,
we need relentless fbcus, just like when paramedics (救护人员)arrive on a scene and use the concept
of u triage (伤员鉴别分类)“to ensure the most 
34 
cases get treated first. Saving the natural
world needs that kind of thinking. We don't have the 
35 
to do everything at once. We need to
make hard choices.
A) capacity
I) junction
B) declaration
J) monotonous
C) deteriorating
K) overwhelming
D) determined
L) stagnation
E) disaster
M) stake
F) eroding
N) stifled
G) grabbed
0) urgent
H) inventory
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Children Understand Far More About Other Minds Than Long Believed
A) Until a few decades ago, scholars believed that young children know very little, if anything, about
what others are thinking. Swiss psychologist Jean Piaget, who is credited with founding the
scientific study of children's thinking, was convinced that preschool children cannot consider what
goes on in the minds of others. The interviews and experiments he conducted with kids in the
middle of the 20th century suggested that they were trapped in their subjective viewpoints,
6 ・ 5

----- PAGE 302 -----
incapable of imagining what others think, feel or believe.
B) Much of the subsequent research on early childhood thinking was highly influenced by Piagefs
ideas. Scholars sought to refine his theory and empirically confirm his views. But it became
increasingly clear that Piaget seemed to have gravely underestimated the intellectual powers of
very young kids before they can make themselves understood by speech. Researchers began to
devise ever more ingenious ways of figuring out what goes on in the minds of babies, and the
resulting picture of their abilities shows subtle variations. Consequently, the old view of children's
egocentric ( 自我中心的)nature and intellectual weaknesses has increasingly fallen out of favor
and become replaced by a more generous position that sees a budding sense not only of the
physical world but also of other minds, even in the u youngest young.”
C) Historically, children didn't receive much respect for their mental powers. Piaget not only believed
that children were “egocentric“ in the sense that they were unable to differentiate between their
own viewpoint and that of others; he was also convinced that their thinking was characterized by
systematic errors and confusions. When playing with others, they don't cooperate because they do
not realize there are different roles and perspectives. He was convinced that children literally
cannot “ get their act together": instead of playing cooperatively and truly together, they play side
by side, with little regard fbr others. And when speaking with others, a young child supposedly
cannot consider the listener's viewpoint but 14 talks to himself without listening to others/,
D) Piaget and his followers maintained that children go through something like a dark age of
intellectual development before slowly and gradually becoming enlightened by reason and
rationality as they reach school age. Alongside this enlightenment develops an ever growing
understanding of other persons, including their attitudes and views of the world.
E) Today, a very different picture of children's mental development emerges. Psychologists
continually reveal new insights into the depth of young children's knowledge of the world,
including their understanding of other minds. Recent studies suggest that even infants are
sensitive to others, perspectives and beliefs.
F) Part of the motivation to revise some of Piagefs conclusions stemmed from an ideological shift
about the origin of human knowledge that occurred in the second half of the 20th century. It
became increasingly unpopular to assume that a basic understanding of the world can be built
entirely from experience. This was in part prompted by theorist Noam Chomsky, who argued that
something as complex as the rules of grammar cannot be picked up from exposure to speech, but
is supplied by an inborn u language faculty.n Others followed suit and defined further “core areas"
in which knowledge allegedly cannot be pieced together from experience but must be possessed at
birth. One such area is our knowledge of others, minds. Some even argue that a basic knowledge
of others, minds is not only possessed by human infants, but must be evolutionarily old and hence
6 , 6

----- PAGE 303 -----
shared by our nearest living relatives, the great apes.
G) To prove that infants know more in this realm than had been acknowledged, researchers needed to
come up with innovative ways of showing it. A big part of why we now recognize so much more
of kids' intellectual capacities is the development of much more sensitive research tools than
Piaget had at his disposal.
H) Instead of engaging babies in dialog or having them execute complex motor tasks, the newer
methods capitalize on behaviors that have a firm place in infants, natural behavior repertoire:
looking, listening, sucking, making facial expressions, gestures and simple manual actions. The
idea of focusing on these u small behaviorsn is that they give kids the chance to demonstrate their
knowledge implicitly and spontaneously without having to respond to questions or instructions.
For example, children might look longer at an event that they did not expect to happen, or they
might show facial expressions indicating that they have sympathetic concern for others. When
researchers measure these less demanding, and often involuntary, behaviors, they can detect a
sensitivity to others5 mental states at a much younger age than with the more taxing methods that
Piaget and his followers deployed.
I) In the 1980s, these kinds of implicit measures became customary in developmental psychology. But
it took a while longer before these tools were employed to measure children's grasp of the mental
lives of others.
J) In a set of experiments, my colleagues at the University of Southern California and I found
evidence that babies can even anticipate how others will feel when their expectations are
disappointed. We acted out several puppet (木d禺)shows in front of two-year-old children. In these
puppet shows, a protagonist (Cookie Monster) left his precious belongings (cookies) on stage and
later returned to fetch them. What the protagonist did not know was that an antagonist had come
and messed with his possessions. The children had witnessed these acts and attentively watched the
protagonist return. We recorded children's facial and bodily expressions. Children bit their lips,
wrinkled their nose or wiggled (扭动)in their chair when the protagonist came back, as if they
anticipated the bewilderment and disappointment he was about to experience. Importantly, children
showed no such reactions and remained calm when the protagonist had seen the events himself and
thus knew what to expect. Our study reveals that by the tender age of two, kids not only track
what others believe or expect; they can even foresee how others will feel when they discover
reality.
K) Studies like this reveal that there is much more going on in small kids' and even infants' minds
than was previously believed. With the explicit measures used by Piaget and successors, these
deeper layers of kids' understanding cannot be accessed. The new investigative tools demonstrate
that kids know more than they can say: when we scratch beneath the surface, we find an emerging
6 ・ 7

----- PAGE 304 -----
understanding of relations and perspectives that Piaget probably did not dream of.
L) Despite these obvious advances in the study of young children's thinking, it would be a grave
mistake to dismiss the careful and systematic analyses compiled by Piaget and others before the
new tests dominated the scene because the original methods revealed essential facts about how
children think that the new methods cannot uncover.
M) There's no consensus in today's science community about how much we can infer from a look, a
facial expression or a hand gesture. These behaviors clearly indicate a curiosity about what goes
on in the mind of others, and probably a set of early intuitions coupled with a willingness to learn
more. They pave the way to richer and more explicit forms of understanding of the minds of
others. But they can in no way replace the child,s growing ability to articulate and refine her
understanding of how people behave and why.
36. Piaget believed that small children could not collaborate with others while playing.
37. The author and his colleagues, study shows two-year-olds may be able to predict other people's
feelings.
38. In the latter half of the last century, fewer and fewer people believed the basis for our
understanding of the world is wholly empirical.
39. Research conducted by Jean Piaget in the last century suggested babies were insensitive to others5
thinking.
40. Our improved understanding of babies' intellectual power is attributable to better research tools.
41. It has been fbund in recent research that even small babies are sensitive to other people's points of view.
42. Scientists are still debating what inference can be drawn from certain physical expressions of a
child.
43. The newer research methods fbcus on infants5 simple behaviors instead of requiring them to
answer questions.
44. With the progress in psychology, the traditional view of children's self-centered nature and limited
thinking abilities has become less and less influential.
45. Even though marked advances have been made, it is wrong to dismiss Piagefs fundamental
contributions to the study of kids' cognitive abilities.
6 ・ 8

----- PAGE 305 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
People often discuss the dangers of too much stress, but lately a very different view of stress is
gaining popularity: this view of stress, held by members of the positive stress movement, argues that
stress might actually be beneficial. The positive stress movement is made up of people such as
Zachary Rapp who are looking for an edge in a competitive world, and Rapp's routine is a good
example of followers of the movement. He wakes up most mornings at dawn, goes fbr a run, sips
black coffee while ripping through emails, and then steps into a freezing cold shower. This is a
routine designed to reduce the stress of running simultaneously three different health and
biotechnology companies fbr 18 hours a day.
Although Rapp's practices may sound extreme, he is part of a growing movement, consisting
largely of tech industry workers who claim that such radical tactics will help them live better and
longer. Inspired by influential figures in different fields, including entertainers, athletes, entrepreneurs
and scientists, positive stress practitioners seek out some combination of extreme temperatures,
restrictive diets, punishing exercise routines and general discomfort.
Rapp argues that positive stress keeps him balanced. In addition to running and freezing
showers, Rapp uses ice baths, hot yoga, and unconventional eating practices such as eliminating dairy,
sugar, alcohol and various other foods high in carbohydrates. He believes that these practices, which
put stress on his body, actually make him feel less stress from work. However, Rapp does not credit
anyone in particular for his choices: he said he started using these methods in college, where he got
into the habit of taking ice baths to recover from sports. He got back into it while trying to get his
three companies off the ground.
Rapp works long hours and sleeps only five to seven hours a night but he said he only gets sick
once a year. For him, the difference between day-to-day stress, like the kind we feel when moving
apartments, and positive stress is that the latter involves pushing the body to extremes and forcing it
to build up a tolerance.
One thought leader in the positive stress world is Dutch extreme athlete Wim Hof, who earned
the name ,l ice man“ for his ability to withstand severe cold using deep breathing exercises. Hofs
ideas have become popular among tech industry elites and, thanks to Hof, cold showers are now a
trend; indeed, some even call it a form of therapy.
But it is important to note that not everyone agrees with these practitioners; indeed, some
6 ・ 9

----- PAGE 306 -----
medical professionals argue that positive stress is not fbr everyone, and that it might even be
dangerous for people who are unhealthy or older.
46. What do we learn about followers of the positive stress movement?
A) They are usually quite sensitive to different types of stress.
B) They hold a different view on stress from the popular one.
C) They derive much pleasure from living a very hectic life.
D) They gain a competitive edge by enjoying good health.
47. What do followers of the positive stress movement usually do to put their ideas into practice?
A) They keep changing their living habits.
B) They network with influential figures.
C) They seek jobs in tech industries.
D) They apply extreme tactics.
48. What does Zachary Rapp say about his unconventional practices?
A) They help him combat stress from work.
B) They enable him to cut down living expenses.
C) They enable him to recover from injuries and illnesses.
D) They help him get three companies enlisted all at once.
49. What can be inferred from the passage about day-to-day stress?
A) It is harmful to one's physical and mental health.
B) It does not differ in essence from positive stress.
C) It is something everybody has to live with.
D) It does not help build up one's tolerance.
50. What do some medical professionals think of positive stress?
A) Its true effect remains to be verified.
B) Its side effect should not be ignored.
C) Its effect varies considerably from person to person.
D) Its practitioners should not take it as a form of therapy.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Is hunting good or bad fbr the environment? Like so many hot button issues, the answer to this
question depends upon who you ask. On the one hand, some say, nothing could be more natural than
6 • 10

----- PAGE 307 -----
hunting, and indeed just about every animal species- including humans- has been either predator or
prey at some point in its evolution. And, ironic as it sounds, since humans have wiped out many
animal predators, some see hunting as a natural way to reduce the herds of prey animals that now
reproduce beyond the environments carrying capacity.
On the other hand, many environmental and animal advocates see hunting as savage, arguing
that it is morally wrong to kill animals, regardless of practical considerations. According to Glenn
Kirk of the California-based The Animals' Voice, hunting u causes immense suffering to individual wild
animals...n and is u irrationally cruel because unlike natural predation (捕食),hunters kill fbr
pleasure...M He adds that, despite hunters, claims that hunting keeps wildlife populations in balance,
hunters5 license fees are used to u manipulate a few game species into overpopulation at the expense
of a much larger number of non-game species, resulting in the loss of biological diversity, genetic
integrity and ecological balance.
Beyond moral issues, others contend that hunting is not practical. According to the Humane
Society of the United States, the vast majority of hunted species—such as waterfowl, rabbits, upland
birds and mourning doves-
u provide minimal nutrition and do not require population control.n
Author Gary E. Vamer suggests in his book, In Nature's Interests, that some types of hunting may
be morally justifiable while others may not be. Hunting u designed to secure the aggregate welfare of
the target species, the integrity of its ecosystem, or both” —what Vamer terms 
therapeutic
hunting"—is defensible, while subsistence and sport hunting- both of which only benefit human
beings- is not.
Regardless of one's individual stance, fewer Americans hunt today than in recent history. Data
gathered by the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service in 2006 show that only five percent of Americans—
some 12.5 million individuals- consider themselves hunters today, down from nine percent in 2001
and 15 percent in 1996.
Public support fbr hunting, however, is on the rise. A 2007 survey by Responsive Management
Inc. found that eighty percent of respondents agreed that u hunting has a legitimate place in modem
society/5 and the percentage of Americans indicating disapproval of hunting declined from 22 percent
in 1995 to 16 percent in 2007.
Perhaps matching the trend among the public, green leaders are increasingly advocating
cooperation between hunters and environmental groups: After all, both deplore urban sprawl and
habitat destruction.
51. What does the author say sounds ironic?
A) Some predators may often turn out to be prey of other predators.
B) Hunting may also be a solution to the problem caused by hunting.
C) The species of prey animals continue to vary despite humans' hunting.
D) The number of prey animals keeps rising despite environmental change.
6 ・ 11

----- PAGE 308 -----
52. What does Glenn Kirk think of charging hunters license fees?
A) It keeps game population under control.
B) It turns hunting into a sport of the rich.
C) It leads to ecological imbalance.
D) It helps stop killing fbr pleasure.
53. What is the argument of the Humane Society of the United States against hunting?
A) Overpopulation is not an issue for most hunted animals.
B) Hunting deprives animal populations of their food sources.
C) Many birds and small animals are being irrationally killed.
D) Hunting is universally acknowledged as a savage behavior.
54. When is hunting morally justifiable according to Gary E. Vamer?
A) When it benefits animals and their ecosystem.
B) When it serves both human and animal interests.
C) When it is indispensable to humans, subsistence.
D) When it stabilizes the population of animal species.
55. What concept are green leaders trying to promote?
A) Effective protection of animal habitats.
B) Strict control over urban development.
C) Coordinated efforts of hunters and environmentalists.
D) A compromise between development and animal protection.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
《三国演义》(The Romance of the Three Kingdoms)是中国一部著名的历史小说，写于十四
世纪。这部文学作品以三国时期的历史为背景，描写了从公元二世纪下半叶到公元三世纪下半
叶的魏、蜀、吴三国之间的战争。小说中刻画了近千个人物和无数的历史事件。这些人物和事
件虽然大都基于真实的历史，但都不同程度地被浪漫化和戏剧化了。《三国演义》是一部公认
的文学杰作。自面世以来，这部小说不断吸引着一代又一代的读者，并且对中国文化产生了广
泛而持久的影响。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 309 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the saying “ The best
preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. " You should write at least 150 words
but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 310 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2020年9 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 . 请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 . 请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 . 请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 . 选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 . 未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 . 未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 311 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation,
you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken
only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A) , B) , C) and D) . Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
S h eet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) She can devote all her life to pursuing her passion.
B) Her accumulated expertise helps her to achieve her goals.
C) She can spread her academic ideas on a weekly TV show.
D) Her research findings are widely acclaimed in the world.
2. A) Provision of guidance fbr nuclear labs in Europe.
B) Touring the globe to attend science TV shows.
C) Overseeing two research groups at Oxford.
D) Science education and scientific research.
3. A) A better understanding of a subject.
B) A stronger will to meet challenges.
C) A broader knowledge of related fields.
D) A closer relationship with young people.
4. A) By applying the latest research methods.
B) By making full use of the existing data.
C) By building upon previous discoveries.
D) By utilizing more powerful computers.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They can predict future events.
B) They have no special meanings.
6. A) It was canceled due to bad weather.
B) She overslept and missed the flight.
C) They have cultural connotations.
D) They cannot be easily explained.
C) She dreamed of a plane crash.
D) It was postponed to the following day.
7. A) They can be affected by people's childhood experiences.
B) They may sometimes seem ridiculous to a rational mind.
C) They usually result from people's unpleasant memories.
D) They can have an impact as great as rational thinking.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 312 -----
8. A) They call for scientific methods to interpret.
B) They mirror their long-cherished wishes.
C) They reflect their complicated emotions.
D) They are often related to irrational feelings.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ),
C) and O). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Radio waves. 
C) Robots.
B) Sound waves. 
D) Satellites.
10. 
A) It may be freezing fast beneath the glacier.
B) It may have micro-organisms living in it.
C) It may have certain rare minerals in it.
D) It may be as deep as four kilometers.
11. 
A) Help understand life in freezing conditions.
B) Help find new sources of fresh water.
C) Provide information about other planets.
D) Shed light on possible life in outer space.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. 
A) He found there had been little research on their language.
B) He was trying to preserve the languages of the Indian tribes.
C ) His contact with a social worker had greatly aroused his interest in the tribe.
D) His meeting with Gonzalez had made him eager to learn more about the tribe.
13. 
A) He taught Copeland to speak the Tarahumaras language.
B) He persuaded the Tarahumaras to accept Copeland's gifts.
C) He recommended one of his best friends as an interpreter.
D) He acted as an intermediary between Copeland and the villagers.
14. 
A) Unpredictable. 
C) Laborious.
B) Unjustifiable. 
D) Tedious.
6 ・ 2

----- PAGE 313 -----
15. A) Their appreciation of help from the outsiders.
B) Their sense of sharing and caring.
C ) Their readiness to adapt to technology.
D) Their belief in creating wealth for themselves.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or
four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then
mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They tend to be silenced into submission.
B) They find it hard to defend themselves.
C) They will feel proud of being pioneers.
D) They will feel somewhat encouraged.
17. A) One who advocates violence in effecting change.
B) One who craves fbr relentless transformations.
C) One who acts in the interests of the oppressed.
D) One who rebels against the existing social order.
18. A) They tried to effect social change by force.
B) They disrupted the nation's social stability.
C) They served as a driving force fbr progress.
D) They did more harm than good to humanity.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Few of us can ignore changes in our immediate environment.
B) It is impossible fbr us to be immune from outside influence.
C) Few of us can remain unaware of what happens around us.
D) It is important fbr us to keep in touch with our own world.
20. A) Make up his mind to start all over again.
B) Stop making unfair judgments of others.
C) Try to find a more exciting job somewhere else.
D) Recognise the negative impact of his coworkers.
6 , 3

----- PAGE 314 -----
21. A) They are quite susceptible to suicide.
B) They improve people's quality of life.
C) They suffer a great deal from ill health.
D) They help people solve mental problems.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Few people can identify its texture.
B) Few people can describe it precisely.
23. A) It has never seen any change.
B) It has much to do with color.
24. A) People had little faith in paper money.
B) They could last longer in circulation.
25. A) The stabilization of the dollar value.
B) The issuing of government securities.
C) Its real value is open to interpretation.
D) Its importance is often over-estimated.
C) It is a well-protected government secret.
D) It is a subject of study by many forgers.
C) It predicted their value would increase.
D) They were more difficult to counterfeit.
C) A gold standard fbr American currency.
D) A steady appreciation of the U.S. dollar.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from, a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Overall, men are more likely than women to make excuses. Several studies suggest that men feel
the need to appear competent in all 
26 
, while women worry only about the skills in which
they've invested 
27 
. Ask a man and a woman to go diving for the first time, and the woman is
likely to jump in, while the man is likely to say he's not feeling too well.
Ironically, it is often success that leads people to flirt with failure. Praise won fbr 
28 
a skill
suddenly puts one in the position of having everything to lose. Rather than putting their reputation on
the line again, many successful people develop a handicap- drinking, 
29 
, depression- that
allows them to keep their status no matter what the future brings. An advertising executive 
30
fbr depression shortly after winning an award put it this way: " Without my depression, Fd be a
failure now; with it, I'm a success ' on hold.' "
In fact, the people most likely to become chronic excuse makers are those 
31 
with success.
Such people are so afraid of being 
32 
a failure at anything that they constantly develop one
6 , 4

----- PAGE 315 -----
handicap or another in order to explain away failure.
Though self-handicapping can be an effective way of coping with performance anxiety now and
then, in the end, researchers say, it will lead to 
33 
In the long run, excuse makers fail to live up
to their true 
34 
and lose the status they care so much about. And despite their protests to the
35 
, they have only themselves to blame.
A)
contrary
I)
momentum
B)
fatigue
J)
obsessed
C)
heavily
K)
potential
D)
heaving
L)
realms
E)
hospitalized
M) reciprocal
F)
labeled
N)
ruin
G)
legacies
0)
viciously
H)
mastering
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the
paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more
than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking
the corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Six Potential Brain Benefits of Bilingual Education
A) Brains, brains, brains. People are fascinated by brain research. And yet it can be hard to point to
places where our education system is really making use of the latest neuroscience ( )申经科学)
findings. But there is one happy link where research is meeting practice: bilingual ( 双语的)
education. " In the last 20 years or so, there's been a virtual explosion of research on
bilingualism," says Judith Kroll, a professor at the University of California, Riverside.
B) Again and again, researchers have found, u bilingualism is an experience that shapes our brain for
life," in the words of Gigi Luk, an associate professor at Harvard's Graduate School of Education.
At the same time, one of the hottest trends in public schooling is whafs often called dual-language
or two-way immersion programs.
C) Traditional programs for English-language learners, or ELLs, focus on assimilating students into
English as quickly as possible. Dual-language classrooms, by contrast, provide instruction across
subjects to both English natives and English learners, in both English and a target language. The
goal is functional bilingualism and biliteracy fbr all students by middle school. New York City,
6 ・ 5

----- PAGE 316 -----
North Carolina, Delaware, Utah, Oregon and Washington state are among the places expanding
dual-language classrooms.
D) The trend flies in the face of some of the culture wars of two decades ago, when advocates
insisted on u English first“ education. Most famously, California passed Proposition 227 in 1998.
It was intended to sharply reduce the amount of time that English-language learners spent in
bilingual settings. Proposition 58, passed by California voters on November 8, largely reversed
that decision, paving the way fbr a huge expansion of bilingual education in the state that has the
largest population of English-language learners.
E) Some of the insistence on English-first was founded on research produced decades ago, in which
bilingual students underperformed monolingual ( 单语的) English speakers and had lower IQ
scores. Today's scholars, like Ellen Bialystok at York University in Toronto, say that research was
u deeply flawed." u Earlier research looked at socially disadvantaged groups," agrees Antonella
Sorace at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. " This has been completely contradicted by
recent research,, that compares groups more similar to each other.
F) So what does recent research say about the potential benefits of bilingual education? It turns out
that, in many ways, the real trick to speaking two languages consists in managing not to speak one
of those languages at a given moment -  which is fundamentally a feat of paying attention.
Saying “Goodbye“ to mom and then u Guten tag" to your teacher, or managing to ask fbr a
crayola roja instead of a red crayon (蜡笔)，requires skills called 11 inhibition" and " task
switching." These skills are subsets of an ability called executive function.
G) People who speak two languages often outperform monolinguals on general measures of executive
function. u Bilinguals can pay focused attention without being distracted and also improve in the
ability to switch from one task to another,v says Sorace.
H) Do these same advantages benefit a child who begins learning a second language in kindergarten
instead of as a baby? We don't yet know. Patterns of language learning and language use are
complex. But Gigi Luk at Harvard cites at least one brain-imaging study on adolescents that
shows similar changes in brain structure when compared with those who are bilingual from birth,
even when they didn't begin practicing a second language in earnest before late childhood.
I) Young children being raised bilingual have to follow social cues to figure out which language to
use with which person and in what setting. As a result, says Sorace, bilingual children as young as
age 3 have demonstrated a head start on tests of perspective-taking and theory of mind -  both of
which are fundamental social and emotional skills.
J) About 10 percent of students in the Portland, Oregon public schools are assigned by lottery to dual-
6 , 6

----- PAGE 317 -----
language classrooms that offer instruction in Spanish, Japanese or Mandarin, alongside English.
Jennifer Steele at American University conducted a fbur-year, randomized trial and found that
these dual-language students outperformed their peers in English-reading skills by a full school-
yeafs worth of learning by the end of middle school. Because the effects are found in reading, not
in math or science where there were few differences, Steele suggests that learning two languages
makes students more aware of how language works in general.
K) The research of Gigi Luk at Harvard offers a slightly different explanation. She has recently done
a small study looking at a group of 100 fourth-graders in Massachusetts who had similar reading
scores on a standard test, but very different language experiences. Some were foreign-language
dominant and others were English natives. Here's whafs interesting. The students who were
dominant in a foreign language weren't yet comfortably bilingual; they were just starting to learn
English. Therefore, by definition, they had a much weaker English vocabulary than the native
speakers. Yet they were just as good at interpreting a text. u This is very surprising/' Luk says.
“You would expect the reading comprehension perfbmiance to mirror the vocabulary -  ifs a
cornerstone of comprehension."
L) How did the foreign-language dominant speakers manage this feat? Well, Luk found, they also
scored higher on tests of executive functioning. So, even though they didn't have huge mental
dictionaries to draw on, they may have been great puzzle-so Ivers, taking into account higher-level
concepts such as whether a single sentence made sense within an overall story line. They got to
the same results as the monolinguals, by a different path.
M) American public school classrooms as a whole are becoming more segregated by race and class.
Dual-language programs can be an exception. Because they are composed of native English
speakers deliberately placed together with recent immigrants, they tend to be more ethnically and
economically balanced. And there is some evidence that this helps kids of all backgrounds gain
comfort with diversity and different cultures.
N) Several of the researchers also pointed out that, in bilingual education, non-English-dominant
students and their families tend to feel that their home language is heard and valued, compared
with a classroom where the home language is left at the door in favor of English. This can
improve students5 sense of belonging and increase parents7 involvement in their children's
education, including behaviors like reading to children. u Many parents fear their language is an
obstacle, a problem, and if they abandon it their child will integrate better,“ says Antonella Sorace
of the University of Edinburgh. u We tell them they're not doing their child a favor by giving up
their language."
O) One theme that was striking in speaking to all these researchers was just how strongly they
advocated for dual-language classrooms. Thomas and Collier have advised many school systems
6 ・ 7

----- PAGE 318 -----
on how to expand their dual-language programs, and Sorace runs “ Bilingualism Matters," an
international network of researchers who promote bilingual education projects. This type of
advocacy among scientists is unusual; even more so because the u bilingual advantage hypothesis"
is being challenged once again.
P) A review of studies published last year found that cognitive advantages failed to appear in 83
percent of published studies, though in a separate analysis, the sum of effects was still significantly
positive. One potential explanation offered by the researchers is that advantages that are
measurable in the very young and very old tend to fade when testing young adults at the peak of
their cognitive powers. And, they countered that no negative effects of bilingual education have
been found. So, even if the advantages are small, they are still worth it. Not to mention one
obvious, outstanding fact: u Bilingual children can speak two languages!"
36. A study found that there are similar changes in brain structure between those who are bilingual
from birth and those who start learning a second language later.
37. Unlike traditional monolingual programs, bilingual classrooms aim at developing students7 ability
to use two languages by middle school.
38. A study showed that dual-language students did significantly better than their peers in reading
English texts.
39. About twenty years ago, bilingual practice was strongly discouraged, especially in California.
40. Ethnically and economically balanced bilingual classrooms are found to be helpful for kids to get
used to social and cultural diversity.
41. Researchers now claim that earlier research on bilingual education was seriously flawed.
42. According to a researcher, dual-language experiences exert a lifelong influence on one's brain.
43. Advocates of bilingual education argued that it produces positive effects though they may be
limited.
44. Bilingual speakers often do better than monolinguals in completing certain tasks because they can
concentrate better on what they are doing.
45. When their native language is used, parents can become more involved in their children's
education.
6 ・ 8

----- PAGE 319 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C ) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
It is not controversial to say that an unhealthy diet causes bad health. Nor are the basic elements
of healthy eating disputed. Obesity raises susceptibility to cancer, and Britain is the sixth most obese
country on Earth. That is a public health emergency. But naming the problem is the easy part. No one
disputes the costs in quality of life and depleted health budgets of an obese population, but the quest for
solutions gets diverted by ideological arguments around responsibility and choice. And the water is
muddied by lobbying from the industries that profit from consumption of obesity-inducing products.
Historical precedent suggests that science and politics can overcome resistance from businesses
that pollute and poison but it takes time, and success often starts small. So it is heartening to note that
a programme in Leeds has achieved a reduction in childhood obesity, becoming the first UK city to
reverse a fattening trend. The best results were among younger children and in more deprived areas.
When 28% of English children aged two to 15 are obese, a national shift on the scale achieved by
Leeds would lengthen hundreds of thousands of lives. A significant factor in the Leeds experience appears
to be a scheme called HENRY, which helps parents reward behaviours that prevent obesity in children.
Many members of parliament are uncomfortable even with their own governments anti-obesity
strategy, since it involves a u sugar tax“ and a ban on the sale of energy drinks to under-16s. Bans
and taxes can be blunt instruments, but their harshest critics can rarely suggest better methods. These
critics just oppose regulation itself.
The relationship between poor health and inequality is too pronounced for governments to be
passive about large-scale intervention. People living in the most deprived areas are four times more
prone to die from avoidable causes than counterparts in more affluent places. As the structural nature
of public health problems becomes harder to ignore, the complaint about overprotective government
loses potency.
In fact, the polarised debate over public health interventions should have been abandoned long
ago. Government action works when individuals are motivated to respond. Individuals need
governments that expand access to good choices. The HENRY programme was delivered in part
through children's centres. Closing such centres and cutting council budgets doesn't magically increase
reserves of individual self-reliance. The function of a well-designed state intervention is not to deprive
people of liberty but to build social capacity and infrastructure that helps people take responsibility fbr
their wellbeing. The obesity crisis will not have a solution devised by left or right ideology—but
experience indicates that the private sector needs the incentive of regulation before it starts taking
public health emergencies seriously.
6 ・ 9

----- PAGE 320 -----
46. Why is the obesity problem in Britain so difficult to solve?
A) Government health budgets are depleted.
B) People disagree as to who should do what.
C) Individuals are not ready to take their responsibi出ies.
D) Industry lobbying makes it hard to get healthy foods.
47. What can we learn from the past experience in tackling public health emergencies?
A) Governments have a role to play.
B) Public health is a scientific issue.
C) Priority should be given to deprived regions.
D) Businesses, responsibility should be stressed.
48. What does the author imply about some critics of bans and taxes concerning unhealthy drinks?
A) They are not aware of the consequences of obesity.
B) They have not come up with anything more constructive.
C) They are uncomfortable with parliaments anti-obesity debate.
D) They have their own motives in opposing government regulation.
49. Why does the author stress the relationship between poor health and inequality?
A) To demonstrate the dilemma of people living in deprived areas.
B) To bring to light the root cause of widespread obesity in Britain.
C) To highlight the area deserving the most attention from the public.
D) To justify government intervention in solving the obesity problem.
50. When will government action be effective?
A) When the polarised debate is abandoned.
B) When ideological differences are resolved.
C) When individuals have the incentive to act accordingly.
D) When the private sector realises the severity of the crisis.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Home to virgin reefs, rare sharks and vast numbers of exotic fish, the Coral Sea is a unique
haven of biodiversity ofF the northeastern coast of Australia. If a proposal by the Australian
government goes ahead, the region will also become the world's largest marine protected area, with
restrictions or bans on fishing, mining and marine farming.
The Coral Sea reserve would cover almost 990,000 square kilometres and stretch as far as 1,100
kilometres from the coast. Unveiled recently by environment minister Tony Burke, the proposal would
be the last in a series of proposed marine reserves around Australia's coast.
6 • 10

----- PAGE 321 -----
But the scheme is attracting criticism from scientists and conservation groups, who argue that the
government hasn't gone far enough in protecting the Coral Sea, or in other marine reserves in the
coastal network.
Hugh Possingham, director of the Centre of Excellence for Environmental Decisions at the
University of Queensland, points out that little more than half of the Coral Sea reserve is proposed as
a ' no take' area, in which all fishing would be banned. The world's largest existing marine reserve,
established last year by the British government in the Indian Ocean, spans 544,000 km2 and is a no-
take zone throughout. An alliance of campaigning conservation groups argues that more of the Coral
Sea should receive this level of protection.
“I would like to have seen more protection fbr coral reefs," says Terry Hughes, director of the
Centre of Excellence fbr Coral Reef Studies at James Cook University in Queensland. 41 More than 20
of them would be outside the no-take area and vulnerable to catch-and-release fishingn .
As Nature went to press, the Australian government had not responded to specific criticisms of
the plan. But Robin Beaman, a marine geologist at James Cook University, says that the reserve does
u broadly protect the range of habitatsv in the sea. ”[ can testify to the huge effort that government
agencies and other organisations have put into trying to understand the ecological values of this vast
area,“ he says.
Reserves proposed earlier this year for Australia's southwestern and northwestern coastal regions
have also been criticised for failing to give habitats adequate protection. In August, 173 marine
scientists signed an open letter to the government saying they were “ greatly concerned“ that the
proposals for the southwestern region had not been based on the “ core science principles" of
reserves- the protected regions were not, for instance, representative of all the habitats in the region,
they said.
Critics say that the southwestern reserve offers the greatest protection to the offshore areas where
commercial opportunities are fewest and where there is little threat to the environment, a contention
also levelled at the Coral Sea plan.
51. What do we learn from the passage about the Coral Sea?
A) It is exceptionally rich in marine life.
B) It is the biggest marine protected area.
C) It remains largely undisturbed by humans.
D) It is a unique haven of endangered species.
52. What does the Australian government plan to do according to Tony Burke?
A) Make a new proposal to protect the Coral Sea.
B) Revise its conservation plan owing to criticisms.
C) Upgrade the established reserves to protect marine life.
D) Complete the series of marine reserves around its coast.
6 ・ 11

----- PAGE 322 -----
53. What is scientists, argument about the Coral Sea proposal?
A) The government has not done enough fbr marine protection.
B) It will not improve the marine reserves along Australia's coast.
C) The government has not consulted them in drawing up the proposal.
D) It is not based on sufficient investigations into the ecological system.
54. What does marine geologist Robin Beaman say about the Coral Sea plan?
A) It can compare with the British governments effort in the Indian Ocean.
B) It will result in the establishment of the world's largest marine reserve.
C) It will ensure the sustainability of the fishing industry around the coast.
D) It is a tremendous joint effort to protect the range of marine habitats.
55. What do critics think of the Coral Sea plan?
A) It will do more harm than good to the environment.
B) It will adversely affect Australia's fishing industry.
C) It will protect regions that actually require little protection.
D) It will win little support from environmental organisations.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
《西游记》(Journey to the West)也许是中国文学四大经典小说中最具影响力的一部，当然
也是在国外最广为人知的一部小说。这部小说描绘了著名僧侣玄奘在三个随从的陪同下穿越
中国西部地区前往印度取经(Buddhist scripture)的艰难历程。虽然故事的主题基于佛教，但这
部小说采用了大量中国民间故事和神话的素材,创造了各种栩栩如生的人物和动物形象。其中
最著名的是孙悟空,他与各种各样妖魔作斗争的故事几乎为每个中国孩子所熟知。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 323 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the saying “ Beauty of
the soul is the essential beauty. 
You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 324 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2020年9 月第2 套）
（附第3 套作文及翻译）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 325 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
特别说明
AAA
AA
9 2020年9 月仅考一套听力，第二套听力试题与第一套一致R
V
A
v^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » 7 1
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
It was perhaps when my parents- who also happen to be my housemates- left to go travelling
fbr a couple of months recently that it 
26 
on me why I had not yet left the family home.
It wasn't that I relied on them fbr 
27 
reasons, or to keep my life in order, or to ease the
chaos of the home. These days, I rely on them for their company.
I missed coming home and talking about my day at work, and I missed being able to read their
faces and sense how their day was. I missed having unique 
28 
into tiny details that make a life.
While the conversation about young adults staying longer at home is 
29 
by talk of laziness,
of dependence, of an inability fbr young people to pull themselves together, 
30 
do we talk of the
way, in my case at least, my relationship with my parents has 
31 
strengthened the longer we
have lived together.
Over the years the power dynamic has changed and is no longer defined by one being the giver
and another, the taker. So, what does this say fbr our relationships within the family home?
According to psychologist Sabina Read, there are u some very positive possible 
32 
when
adult children share the family home", noting the u parent-child relationship may indeed strengthen
and maturev in the process.
But, she notes, a strong 
33 
doesn't simply come with time. u The many changing factors of
the relationship need to be acknowledged, rather than hoping that the mere passage of time will 
34
connect parents to their adult children. Ifs important to acknowledge that the relationship parameters
have changed to avoid falling back into 
35 
from the teen years/,
A)
bond
B)
C)
D)
E)
玲
⑴
H)
contemplated
dawned
hierarchy
insight
legislative
leverage
logistical
magically
outcomes
patterns
rarely
saturated
stereotypes
undoubtedly
\|7
H
z
x)z
D
D
K
L
M
N
o
6 ・ 1

----- PAGE 326 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2.
How Telemedicine Is Transforming Healthcare
A） After years of big promises, telemedicine is finally living up to its potential. Driven by faster
internet connections, ubiquitous （无处不在的）smartphones and changing insurance standards,
more health providers are turning to electronic communications to do their jobs- and ifs
dramatically changing the delivery of healthcare.
B） Doctors are linking up with patients by phone, email and webcam （网络摄像头）. They're also
consulting with each other electronically—sometimes to make split-second decisions on heart attacks
and strokes. Patients, meanwhile, are using new devices to relay their blood pressure, heart rate and
other vital signs to their doctors so they can manage chronic conditions at home. Telemedicine also
allows for better care in places where medical expertise is hard to come by. Five to 10 times a day,
Doctors Without Borders relays questions about tough cases from its physicians in Niger, South Sudan
and elsewhere to its network of 280 experts around the world, and back again via internet.
C） As a measure of how rapidly telemedicine is spreading, consider: More than 15 million Americans
received some kind of medical care remotely last year, according to the American Telemedicine
Association, a trade group, which expects those numbers to grow by 30% this year.
D） None of this is to say that telemedicine has found its way into all comers of medicine. A recent
survey of 500 tech-savvy（精通技术的）consumers found that 39% hadn't heard of telemedicine,
and of those who haven't used it, 42% said they preferred in-person doctor visits. In a poll of
1,500 family physicians, only 15% had used it in their practices—but 90% said they would if it
were appropriately reimbursed （9卜偿）.
E） Whafs more, for all the rapid growth, significant questions and challenges remain. Rules defining
and regulating telemedicine differ widely from state to state. Physicians groups are issuing
different guidelines about what care they consider appropriate to deliver and in what form.
F） Some critics also question whether the quality of care is keeping up with the rapid expansion of
telemedicine. And there's the question of what services physicians should be paid for: Insurance
coverage varies from health plan to health plan, and a big federal plan covers only a narrow range
of services. Telemedicine's future will depend on how- and whether- regulators, providers, payers
and patients can address these challenges. Here's a closer look at some of these issues:
G） Do patients trade quality for convenience? The fastest-growing services in telemedicine connect
consumers with clinicians they've never met fbr a phone, video or email visit—on-demand, 24/7.
Typically, these are fbr nonemergency issues such as colds, flu, ear-aches and skin rashes, and
they cost around $45, compared with approximately $100 at a doctor's office, $ 160 at an
urgent-care clinic or $750 and up at an emergency room.
6 ・ 2

----- PAGE 327 -----
H) Many health plans and employers have rushed to offer the services and promote them as a
convenient way fbr plan members to get medical care without leaving home or work. Nearly
three-quarters of large employers will offer virtual doctor visits as a benefit to employees this year,
up from 48% last year. Web companies such as Teladoc and American Well are expected to host
some 1.2 million such virtual doctor visits this year, up 20% from last year, according to the
American Telemedicine Association.
I) But critics worry that such services may be sacrificing quality fbr convenience. Consulting a
random doctor patients will never meet, they say, further fragments the health-care system, and
even minor issues such as upper respiratory (上呼吸道的)infections can't be thoroughly evaluated
by a doctor who can't listen to your heart or feel your swollen glands. In a recent study, researchers
posing as patients with skin problems sought help from 16 telemedicine sites—with unsettling
results. In 62 encounters, fewer than one-third disclosed clinicians, credential or let patients choose;
only 32% discussed potential side effects of prescribed medications. Several sites misdiagnosed
serious conditions, largely because they failed to ask basic follow-up questions, the researchers
said. u Telemedicine holds enormous promise, but these sites are just not ready fbr prime time/'
says Jack Resneck, the study5s lead author.
J) The American Telemedicine Association and other organizations have started accreditation (
)
programs to identify top-quality telemedicine sites. The American Medical Association this month
approved new ethical guidelines fbr telemedicine, calling for participating doctors to recognize the
limitations of such services and ensure that they have sufficient information to make clinical
recommendations.
K) Who pays fbr the services? While employers and health plans have been eager to cover virtual urgent-
care visits, insurers have been far less willing to pay for telemedicine when doctors use phone, email or
video to consult with existing patients about continuing issues. "It's very hard to get paid unless
you physically see the patient,n says Peter Rasmussen, medical director of distance health at the
Cleveland Clinic. Some 32 states have passed “parity” (等 同的)laws requiring private insurers to
reimburse doctors for services delivered remotely if the same service would be covered in person,
though not necessarily at the same rate or frequency. Medicare lags further behind. The federal
health plan fbr the elderly covers a small number of telemedicine services―only fbr beneficiaries
in rural areas and only when the services are received in a hospital, doctofs office or clinic.
L) Bills to expand Medicare coverage of telemedicine have bipartisan ( 两党的)support in Congress.
Opponents worry that such expansion would be costly fbr taxpayers, but advocates say it would
save money in the long run.
M) Experts say more hospitals are Hkely to invest in telemedicine systems as they move away from
fee-fbr-service payments and into managed-care-type contracts that give them a set fee to provide
care for patients and allow them to keep any savings they achieve.
N) Is the state-by-state regulatory system outdated? Historically, regulation of medicine has been left
to individual states. But some industry members contend that having 50 different sets of rules,
licensing fees and even definitions of “ medical practice “ makes less sense in the era of
telemedicine and is hampering its growth. Currently, doctors must have a valid license in the state
6 , 3

----- PAGE 328 -----
where the patient is located to provide medical care, which means virtual-visit companies can
match users only with locally licensed clinicians. It also causes administrative hassles (麻烦)fbr
world-class medical centers that attract patients from across the country. At the Mayo Clinic,
doctors who treat out-of-state patients can follow up with them via phone, email or web chats
when they return home, but they can only discuss the conditions they treated in person. u If the
patient wants to talk about a new problem, the doctor has to be licensed in that state to discuss it.
If not, the patient should talk to his primary-care physician about it,“ says Steve Ommen, who
runs Mayo's Connected Care program.
O) To date, 17 states have joined a compact that will allow a doctor licensed in one member state to
quickly obtain a license in another. While welcoming the move, some telemedicine advocates
would prefer states to automatically honor one anothefs licenses, as they do with drivers, licenses.
But states aren't likely to surrender control of medical practice, and most are considering new
regulations. This year, more than 200 telemedicine-related bills have been introduced in 42 states,
many regarding what services Medicaid will cover and whether payers should reimburse for
remote patient monitoring. "A lot of states are still trying to define telemedicine,n says Lisa
Robbin, chief advocacy officer for the Federation of State Medical Boards.
36. An overwhelming majority of family physicians are willing to use telemedicine if they are duly paid.
37. Many employers are eager to provide telemedicine service as a benefit to their employees because
of its convenience.
38. Different states have markedly different regulations for telemedicine.
39. With telemedicine, patients in regions short of professional medical service are able to receive
better medical care.
40. Unlike employers and health plans, insurers have been rather reluctant to pay fbr some
telemedicine services.
41. Some supporters of telemedicine hope states will accept each othefs medical practice licenses as valid.
42. The fastest growing area fbr telemedicine services is fbr lesser health problems.
43. As telemedicine spreads quickly, some of its opponents doubt whether its service quality can be
guaranteed.
44. The results obtained by researchers who pretended to be patients seeking help from telemedicine
providers are disturbing.
45. Some people argue that the fact that different states have different regulations concerning medical
services hinders the development of telemedicine.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in, this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
6 ・
 4

----- PAGE 329 -----
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Danielle Steel, the 71 -year-old romance novelist is notoriously productive, having published 179
books at a rate of up to seven a year. But a passing reference in a recent profile by Glamour magazine
to her 20-hour workdays prompted an outpouring of admiration.
Steel has given that 20-hour figure when describing her “exhausting“ process in the past: UI start
the book and don't leave my desk until the first draft is finished." She goes from bed, to desk, to bath, to
bed, avoiding all contact aside from phone calls with her nine children. UI don't comb my hair for weeks,“
she says. Meals are brought to her desk, where she types until her fingers swell and her nails bleed.
The business news website Quartz held Steel up as an inspiration, writing that if only we all
followed her u actually extremely liberatingn example of industrious sleeplessness, we would be quick
to see results.
Well, indeed. With research results showing the cumulative effects of sleep loss and its impact on
productivity, doubt has been voiced about the accuracy of SteeFs self-assessment. Her output may be
undeniable, but sceptics have suggested that she is guilty of erasing the role of ghostwriters (代笔人)
at worst, gross exaggeration at best.
Steel says working 20 hours a day is u pretty brutal physically.v But is it even possible? "No,"
says Maryanne Taylor of the Sleep Works. While you could work that long, the impact on
productivity would make it hardly worthwhile. If Steel was routinely sleeping fbr four hours a night,
she would be drastically underestimating the negative impact, says Alison Gardiner, founder of the
sleep improvement programme Sleepstation. u Ifs akin to being drunk."
Ifs possible that Steel is exaggerating the demands of her schedule. Self-imposed sleeplessness
has u become a bit of a status symbol”, says Taylor, a misguided measure to prove how powerful and
productive you are. Margaret Thatcher was also said to get by on four hours a night, while the 130-
hour work weeks endured by tech heads has been held up as key to their success.
That is starting to change with increased awareness of the importance of sleep fbr mental health.
u People are starting to realise that sleep should not be something that you fit in between everything
else," says Taylor.
But it is possible- if statistically extremely unlikely- that Steel could be bom a 41 short sleepern
with an unusual body clock, says sleep expert Dr. Sophie Bostock. "It's probably present in fewer
than 1% of the population."
Even if Steel does happen to be among that tiny minority, says Bostock, it's “ pretty
irresponsiblev to suggest that 20-hour days are simply a question of discipline for the rest of us.
46. What do we learn from the passage about Glamour magazine readers?
A) They are intrigued by the exotic romance in Danielle SteeFs novels.
B) They are amazed by the number of books written by Danielle Steel.
C) They are deeply impressed by Danielle SteeFs daily work schedule.
D) They are highly motivated by Danielle SteeFs unusual productivity.
47. What did the business news website Quartz say about Danielle Steel?
A) She could serve as an example of industriousness.
B) She proved we could liberate ourselves from sleep.
C) She could be an inspiration to novelists all over the world.
D) She showed we could get all our work done without sleep.
6 • 5

----- PAGE 330 -----
48. What do sceptics think of Danielle SteeFs work schedule claims?
A) They are questionable. 
C) They are irresistible.
B) They are alterable. 
D) They are verifiable.
49. What does Maryanne Taylor think of self-imposed sleeplessness?
A) It may turn out to be key to a successful career.
B) It may be practiced only by certain tech heads.
C) It may symbolise one's importance and success.
D) It may well serve as a measure of self-discipline.
50. How does Dr. Sophie Bostock look at the 20-hour daily work schedule?
A) One should not adopt it without consulting a sleep expert.
B) The general public should not be encouraged to follow it.
C) One must be duly self-disciplined to adhere to it.
D) The majority must adjust their body clock fbr it.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Organic agriculture is a relatively untapped resource for feeding the Earth's population, especially
in the face of climate change and other global challenges. Thafs the conclusion I reached in reviewing
40 years of science comparing the long-term prospects of organic and conventional farming.
The review study, Organic Agriculture in the 21st Century,n is featured as the cover story fbr
the February issue of the journal Nature Plants. It is the first to compare organic and conventional
agriculture across the main goals of sustainability identified by the National Academy of Sciences:
productivity, economics and environment.
Critics have long argued that organic agriculture is inefficient, requiring more land to yield the
same amount of food. Ifs true that organic farming produces lower yields, averaging 10 to 20 percent
less than conventional. Advocates contend that the environmental advantages of organic agriculture
far outweigh the lower yields, and that increasing research and breeding resources for organic systems
would reduce the yield gap. Sometimes excluded from these arguments is the fact that we already
produce enough food to more than feed the world's 7.4 billion people but do not provide adequate
access to all individuals.
In some cases, organic yields can be higher than conventional. For example, in severe drought
conditions, which are expected to increase with climate change in many areas, organic farms can produce
as good, if not better, yields because of the higher water-holding capacity of organically farmed soils.
What science does tell us is that mainstream conventional farming systems have provided
growing supplies of food and other products but often at the expense of other sustainability goals.
Conventional agriculture may produce more food, but it often comes at a cost to the environment.
Biodiversity loss, environmental degradation, and severe impacts on ecosystem services have not only
accompanied conventional fanning systems but have often extended well beyond their field boundaries.
With organic agriculture, environmental costs tend to be lower and the benefits greater.
Overall, organic forms tend to store more soil carbon, have better soil quality and reduce soil
erosion compared to their conventional counterparts. Organic agriculture also creates less soil and
water pollution and lower greenhouse gas emissions. And it's more energy-efficient because it doesn't
6 , 6

----- PAGE 331 -----
rely on synthetic fertilizers or pesticides.
Organic agriculture is also associated with greater biodiversity of plants, animals, insects and
microorganisms as well as genetic diversity. Biodiversity increases the services that nature provides
and improves the ability of farming systems to adapt to changing conditions.
Despite lower yields, organic agriculture is more profitable for farmers because consumers are
willing to pay more. Higher prices, called price premiums, can be justified as a way to compensate
farmers for providing ecosystem services and avoiding environmental damage or external costs.
51. What do we learn from the conclusion of the authofs review study?
A) More resources should be tapped fbr feeding the world's population.
B) Organic farming may be exploited to solve the global food problem.
C) The long-term prospects of organic farming are yet to be explored.
D) Organic farming is at least as promising as conventional farming.
52. What is the critics, argument against organic farming?
A) It cannot meet the need fbr food. 
C) It is not really practical.
B) It cannot increase farm yields. 
D) It is not that productive.
53. What does the author think should be taken into account in arguing about organic farming?
A) Growth in world population. 
C) Inequality in food distribution.
B) Deterioration in soil fertility. 
D) Advance in farming technology.
54. What does science tell us about conventional fanning?
A) It will not be able to meet global food demand.
B) It is not conducive to sustainable development.
C) It will eventually give way to organic farming.
D) It is going mainstream throughout the world.
55. Why does the author think higher prices of organic fann produce are justifiable?
A) They give farmers going organic a big competitive edge.
B) They motivate farmers to upgrade farming technology.
C) Organic farming costs more than conventional farming.
D) Organic farming does long-term good to the ecosystem.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
《红楼梦》(Dream of the Red Chamber)是18世纪曹雪芹创作的一部小说。曹雪芹基于自
己痛苦的不入经历,讲述了贾宝玉和林黛玉之间的悲剧性爱情故事。书中有大约3 0 个主要人
物和400多个次要人物，每个人物都刻画得栩栩如生，具有鲜明的个性。小说详尽地描述了四
个贵族世家兴衰的历程，反映了封建社会隐藏的种种危机和错综复杂的社会冲突。
《红楼梦》融合了现实主义和浪漫主义，具有很强的艺术感染力。它被普遍认为是中国最
伟大的小说，也是世界上最伟大的文学创作之一。
6 ・ 7

----- PAGE 332 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the saying “ What is
worth doing is worth doing well.n You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 333 -----
附:第3 套作文及翻译
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the saying “ Wealth
of the mind is the only true wealth. " You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
《水浒传》(Water Margin)是中国文学四大经典小说之一。这部小说基于历史人物宋江及
其伙伴反抗封建帝王的故事，数百年来一直深受中国读者的喜爱。
毫不夸张地说,几乎每个中国人都熟悉小说中的一些主要人物。这部小说中的精彩故事在
茶馆、戏剧舞台、广播电视、电影屏幕和无数家庭中反复讲述。事实上，这部小说的影响已经远
远超出了国界。越来越多的外国读者也感到这部小说里的故事生动感人、趣味盎然。

----- PAGE 334 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2020年1 2 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 335 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and O). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Her house has not been repaired in time.
B) She has failed to reach the manager again.
C) Her claim has been completely disregarded.
D) She has not received any letter from the man.
2. A) The ground floor of their cottage was flooded.
B) Their caravan was washed away by the flood.
C) Their entire house was destroyed by the flood.
D) The roof of their cottage collapsed in the flood
3. A) The woman's misreading of the insurance company's letter.
B) The woman's ignorance of the insurance company's policy.
C) The woman's inaccurate description of the whole incident.
D) The woman's failure to pay her house insurance in time.
4. A) File a lawsuit against the insurance company.
B) Talk to the manager of Safe House Insurance.
C) Consult her lawyer about the insurance policy.
D) Revise the terms and conditions of the contract.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They work in different fields of AI technology.
B) They disagree about the future of AI technology.
C) They differ greatly in their knowledge of modern technology.
D) They are both worried about the negative impact of technology.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 336 -----
6. A) Simply writing AI software.
B) Stimulating and motivating.
C) Less time-consuming and focusing on creation.
D) More demanding and requiring special training.
7. A) There could be jobs nobody wants to do.
B) Digital life could replace human civilization.
C) Humans would be tired of communicating with one another.
D) Old people would be taken care of solely by unfeeling robots.
8. A) Life will become like a science fiction film.
B) It will take away humans, jobs altogether.
C) Chips will be inserted in human brains.
D) It will be smarter than human beings.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ) ,
C) and O). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Restrain themselves from high-risk investments.
B) Save one-fifth of their net monthly income.
C) Invest shrewdly in lucrative businesses.
D) Try to earn as much money as possible.
10. A) Start by doing something small.
B) Ask a close friend for advice.
C) Try to stick to their initial plan.
D) Cut 20% of their daily spending.
11. A) An optimistic attitude.
B) An ambitious plan.
C) A proper mindset.
D) A keen interest.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) She was uninterested in advertising.
B) She found her outfit inappropriate.
C) She was unhappy with fashion trends.
D) She often checked herself in a mirror.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 337 -----
13. A) To save the trouble of choosing a unique outfit every day.
B) To meet the expectations of fashion-conscious clients.
C) To keep up with the current trends.
D) To save the expenses on clothing.
14. A) It enhances people's ability to work independently.
B) It helps people succeed in whatever they are doing.
C) It matters a lot in jobs involving interaction with others.
D) It boosts one's confidence when looking for employment.
15. A) Design their own uniform to appear unique.
B) Wear classic pieces to impress their clients.
C) Fight the ever-changing trends in fashion.
D) Do whatever is possible to look smart.
Section C
Directions :历 this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Their obsession with consumption.
B) Their failure to accumulate wealth.
C) The ever-increasing costs of housing.
D) The deterioration of the environment.
17. A) Things that are rare to find.
B) Things that cost less money.
C) Things that boost efficiency.
D) Things that we cherish most.
18. A) They serve multiple purposes.
B) They benefit the environment.
C) They are mostly durable.
D) They are easily disposable.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) All respondents were afraid of making a high expense claim.
B) A number of respondents gave an average answer of 400 miles.
C) Over 10% of the respondents lied about the distance they drove.
D) Most of the respondents got compensated fbr driving 384 miles.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 338 -----
20. A) They responded to colleagues, suspicion.
B) They cared about other people's claims.
C) They wanted to protect their reputation.
D) They endeavored to actually be honest.
21. A) They seem positive.
B) They seem intuitive.
C) They are illustrative.
D) They are conclusive.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Deterioration in the quality of new music.
B) Insights into the features of good music.
C) Older people's changing musical tastes.
D) Older people's aversion to new music.
23. A) They no longer listen to new music.
B) They find all music sounds the same.
C) They can make subtle distinctions about music.
D) They seldom listen to songs released in their teens.
24. A) The more you are exposed to something, the more familiar ifll be to you.
B) The more you are exposed to something, the deeper you'll understand it.
C) The more you experience something, the longer you'll remember it.
D) The more you experience something, the better you'll appreciate it.
25. A) Teenagers, memories are more lasting. 
C) Teenagers are much more sensitive.
B) Teenagers5 emotions are more intense. 
D) Teenagers are much more sentimental.
Part III
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word far
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The idea of taxing things that are bad fbr society has a powerful allure. It offers the possibility of
a double benefit— 26 
harmful activities, while also providing the government with revenue.
Take sin taxes. Taxes on alcohol make it more expensive to get drunk, which reduces excessive
drinking and 
27 
driving. At the same time, they provide state and local governments with
billions of dollars of revenue. Tobacco taxes, which generate more than twice as much, have proven
28 
in the decline of smoking, which has saved millions of lives.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 339 -----
Taxes can also be an important tool for environmental protection, and many economists say
taxing carbon would be the best way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Economic theory says that
unlike income or sales taxes, carbon taxes can actually increase economic efficiency; because
companies that 
29 
carbon dioxide into the sky don't pay the costs of the climate change they
cause, carbon taxes would restore the proper 
30 
to the market.
In reality, carbon taxes alone won't be enough to halt global warming, but they would be a
useful part of any climate plan. Whafs more, the revenue from this tax, which would 
31 
be
hundreds of billions of dollars per year, could be handed out to citizens as a 
32 
or used to fund
green infrastructure projects.
Similarly, a wealth tax has been put forward as a way to reduce inequality while raising revenue.
The revenue from this tax, which some experts 
33 
will be over $4 trillion per decade, would be
designated for housing, child care, health care and other government benefits. If you believe, as many
do, that wealth inequality is 
34 
bad, then these taxes improve society while also 
35
government coffers( 金库).
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A n sw er S h e e t 2
A) discouraging
I) initially
B) dividend
J) instrumental
C) emotional
K) merging
D) fragments
L) predict
E) impaired
M) probably
F) imprisoned
N) pump
G) incentives
H) inherently
0) swelling
The Challenges for Artificial Intelligence in Agriculture
A) A group of corn farmers stands huddled around an agronomist ( 农学家) and his computer on the
side of an irrigation machine in central South Africa. The agronomist has just flown over the field
with a hybrid unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) that takes off and lands using propellers yet
maintains distance and speed for scanning vast hectares of land through the use of its fixed wings.
6 - 5

----- PAGE 340 -----
B) The UAV is fitted with a four spectral band precision sensor that conducts onboard processing
immediately after the flight, allowing farmers and field staff to address, almost immediately, any
crop abnormalities that the sensor may have recorded, making the data collection truly real-time.
C) In this instance, the farmers and agronomist are looking to specialized software to give them an
accurate plant population count. Ifs been 10 days since the corn emerged and the farmer wants to
determine if there are any parts of the field that require replanting due to a lack of emergence or
wind damage, which can be severe in the early stages of the summer rainy season.
D) At this growth stage of the planfs development, the farmer has another 10 days to conduct any
replanting before the majority of his fertilizer and chemical applications need to occur. Once these
have been applied, it becomes economically unviable to take corrective action, making any further
collected data historical and useful only to inform future practices for the season to come.
E) The software completes its processing in under 15 minutes producing a plant population count
map. It's difficult to grasp just how impressive this is, without understanding that just over a year
ago it would have taken three to five days to process the exact same data set, illustrating the
advancements that have been achieved in precision agriculture and remote sensing in recent years.
With the software having been developed in the United States on the same variety of crops in
seemingly similar conditions, the agronomist feels confident that the software will produce a near
accurate result.
F) As the map appears on the screen, the agronomisfs face begins to drop. Having walked through
the planted rows before the flight to gain a physical understanding of the situation on the ground,
he knows the instant he sees the data on his screen that the plant count is not correct, and so do
the farmers, even with their limited understanding of how to read remote sensing maps.
G) Hypothetically, it is possible for machines to learn to solve any problem on earth relating to the
physical interaction of all things within a defined or contained environment by using artificial
intelligence and machine learning.
H) Remote sensors enable algorithms(算法)to interpret a field's environment as statistical data that
can be understood and useful to farmers for decision-making. Algorithms process the data,
adapting and learning based on the data received. The more inputs and statistical information
collected, the better the algorithm will be at predicting a range of outcomes. And the aim is that
farmers can use this artificial intelligence to achieve their goal of a better harvest through making
better decisions in the field.
I) In 2011, IBM, through its R&D Headquarters in Haifa, Israel, launched an agricultural cloud­
computing project. The project, in collaboration with a number of specialized IT and agricultural
6 • 6

----- PAGE 341 -----
partners, had one goal in mind- to take a variety of academic and physical data sources from an
agricultural environment and turn these into automatic predictive solutions for farmers that would
assist them in making real-time decisions in the field.
J) Interviews with some of the IBM project team members at the time revealed that the team believed it
was entirely possible to 41 algorithm" agriculture, meaning that algorithms could solve any problem in
the world. Earlier that year, IBNfs cognitive learning system, Watson, competed in the game
Jeopardy against former winners Brad Rutter and Ken Jennings with astonishing results. Several
years later, Watson went on to produce ground-breaking achievements in the field of medicine.
K) So why did the project have such success in medicine but not agriculture? Because it is one of the
most difficult fields to contain fbr the purpose of statistical quantification. Even within a single
field, conditions are always changing from one section to the next. There's unpredictable weather,
changes in soil quality, and the ever-present possibility that pests and diseases may pay a visit.
Growers may feel their prospects are good for an upcoming harvest, but until that day arrives, the
outcome will always be uncertain.
L) By comparison, our bodies are a contained environment. Agriculture takes place in nature, among
ecosystems of interacting organisms and activity, and crop production takes place within that
ecosystem environment. But these ecosystems are not contained. They are subject to climatic
occurrences such as weather systems, which impact upon hemispheres as a whole, and from
continent to continent. Therefore, understanding how to manage an agricultural environment means
taking literally many hundreds if not thousands of factors into account.
M) What may occur with the same seed and fertilizer program in the United States' Midwest region is
almost certainly unrelated to what may occur with the same seed and fertilizer program in
Australia or South Africa. A few factors that could impact on variation would typically include
the measurement of rain per unit of a crop planted, soil type, patterns of soil degradation, daylight
hours, temperature and so forth.
N) So the problem with deploying machine learning and artificial intelligence in agriculture is not that
scientists lack the capacity to develop programs and protocols to begin to address the biggest of
growers' concerns; the problem is that in most cases, no two environments will be exactly alike,
which makes the testing, validation and successful rollout of such technologies much more
laborious than in most other industries.
O) Practically, to say that AI and Machine Learning can be developed to solve all problems related to
our physical environment is to basically say that we have a complete understanding of all aspects
of the interaction of physical or material activity on the planet. After all, it is only through our
understanding of 4 the nature of things5 that protocols and processes are designed fbr the rational
6 - 7

----- PAGE 342 -----
capabilities of cognitive systems to take place. And, although AI and Machine Learning are teaching
us many things about how to understand our environment, we are still far from being able to predict
critical outcomes in fields like agriculture purely tlirough the cognitive ability of machines.
P) Backed by the venture capital community, which is now investing billions of dollars in the sector,
most agricultural technology startups today are pushed to complete development as quickly as
possible and then encouraged to flood the market as quickly as possible with their products.
Q) This usually results in a failure of a product, which leads to skepticism from the market and
delivers a blow to the integrity of Machine Learning technology. In most cases, the problem is not
that the technology does not work, the problem is that industry has not taken the time to respect
that agriculture is one of the most uncontained environments to manage. For technology to truly
make an impact on agriculture, more effort, skills, and funding is needed to test these technologies
in farmers5 fields.
R) There is huge potential for artificial intelligence and machine learning to revolutionize agriculture
by integrating these technologies into critical markets on a global scale. Only then can it make a
difference to the grower, where it really counts.
36. Farmers will not profit from replanting once they have applied most of the fertilizer and other
chemicals to their fields.
37. Agriculture differs from the medical science of the human body in that its environment is not a
contained one.
38. The agronomist is sure that he will obtain a near accurate count of plant population with his
software.
39. The application of artificial intelligence to agriculture is much more challenging than to most other
industries.
40. Even the farmers know the data provided by the UAV is not correct.
41. The pressure for quick results leads to product failure, which, in turn, arouses doubts about the
applicability of AI technology to agriculture.
42. Remote sensors are aimed to help farmers improve decision-making to increase yields.
43. The farmer expects the software to tell him whether he will have to replant any parts of his farm
fields.
6 - 8

----- PAGE 343 -----
44. Agriculture proves very difficult to quantify because of the constantly changing conditions involved.
45. The same seed and fertilizer program may yield completely different outcomes in different places.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
What is the place of art in a culture of inattention? Recent visitors to the Louvre report that
tourists can now spend only a minute in front of the Mona Lisa before being asked to move on. Much
of that time, for some of them, is spent taking photographs not even of the painting but of themselves
with the painting in the background.
One view is that we have democratised tourism and gallery-going so much that we have made it
effectively impossible to appreciate what we've travelled to see. In this oversubscribed society,
experience becomes a commodity like any other. There are queues to climb Mt. Jolmo Lungma as
well as to see famous paintings. Leisure, thus conceived, is hard labour, and returning to work
becomes a well-earned break from the ordeal.
What gets lost in this industrialised haste is the quality of looking. Consider an extreme example,
the late philosopher Richard Wollheim. When he visited the Louvre he could spent as much as four
hours sitting before a painting. The first hour, he claimed, was necessary for misperceptions to be
eliminated. It was only then that the picture would begin to disclose itself. This seems unthinkable
today, but it is still possible to organise. Even in the busiest museums there are many rooms and many
pictures worth hours of contemplation which the crowds largely ignore. Sometimes the largest crowds
are partly the products of bad management; the Mona Lisa is such a hurried experience today partly
because the museum is being reorganised. The Uffizi in Florence, another site of cultural pilgrimage,
has cut its entry queues down to seven minutes by clever management. And there are some forms of
art, those designed to be spectacles as well as objects of contemplation, which can work perfectly well
in the face of huge crowds.
Olafiir Eliasson's current Tate Modern show, for instance, might seem nothing more than an
entertainment, overrun as it is with kids romping ( 喧闹地玩耍) in fbg rooms and spray mist
installations. But ifs more than that: where Eliasson is at his most entertaining, he is at his most serious
too, and his disorienting installations bring home the reality of the destructive effects we are having
on the planet- not least what we are doing to the glaciers of Eliasson's beloved Iceland.
6 - 9

----- PAGE 344 -----
Marcel Proust, another lover of the Louvre, wrote: "It is only through art that we can escape
from ourselves and know how another person sees the universe, whose landscapes would otherwise
have remained as unknown as any on the moon/' If any art remains worth seeing, it must lead us to
such escapes. But a minute in front of a painting in a hurried crowd won't do that.
46. What does the scene at the Louvre demonstrate according to the author?
A) The enormous appeal of a great piece of artistic work to tourists.
B) The near impossibility of appreciating art in an age of mass tourism.
C) The ever-growing commercial value of long-cherished artistic works.
D) The real difficulty in getting a glimpse at a masterpiece amid a crowd.
47. Why did the late philosopher Richard Wollheim spend four hours before a picture?
A) It takes time to appreciate a piece of art fully.
B) It is quite common to misinterpret artistic works.
C) The longer people contemplate a picture, the more likely they will enjoy it.
D) The more time one spends before a painting, the more valuable one finds it.
48. What does the case of the Uffizi in Florence show?
A) Art works in museums should be better taken care of
B) Sites of cultural pilgrimage are always flooded with visitors.
C) Good management is key to handling large crowds of visitors.
D) Large crowds of visitors cause management problems fbr museums.
49. What do we learn from Olafur Eliasson's current Tate Modern show?
A) Children learn to appreciate art works most effectively while they are playing.
B) It is possible to combine entertainment with appreciation of serious art.
C) Art works about the environment appeal most to young children.
D) Some forms of art can accommodate huge crowds of visitors.
50. What can art do according to Marcel Proust?
A) Enable us to live a much fuller life.
B) Allow us to escape the harsh reality.
C) Help us to see the world from a different perspective.
D) Urge us to explore the unknown domain of the universe.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Every five years, the government tries to tell Americans what to put in their bellies. Eat more
vegetables. Dial back the fats. Ifs all based on the best available science for leading a healthy life. But
6 - 10

----- PAGE 345 -----
the best available science also has a lot to say about what those food choices do to the environment,
and some researchers are annoyed that new dietary recommendations of the USDA (United States
Department of Agriculture) released yesterday seem to utterly ignore that fact.
Broadly, the 2016-2020 dietary recommendations aim for balance: More vegetables, leaner
meats and far less sugar.
But Americans consume more calories per capita than almost any other country in the world. So
the things Americans eat have a huge impact on climate change. Soil tilling releases carbon dioxide,
and delivery vehicles emit exhaust. The governmenfs dietary guidelines could have done a lot to
lower that climate cost. Not just because of their position of authority: The guidelines drive billions of
dollars of food production through federal programs like school lunches and nutrition assistance for
the needy.
On its own, plant and animal agriculture contributes 9 percent of all the country's greenhouse gas
emissions. Thafs not counting the fuel burned in transportation, processing, refrigeration, and other
way points between farm and belly. Red meats are among the biggest and most notorious emitters, but
trucking a salad from California to Minnesota in January also carries a significant burden. And
greenhouse gas emissions aren't the whole story. Food production is the largest user of fresh water,
largest contributor to the loss of biodiversity, and a major contributor to using up natural resources.
All of these points and more showed up in the Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee's
scientific report, released last February. Miriam Nelson chaired the subcommittee in charge of
sustainability fbr the report, and is disappointed that eating less meat and buying local food aren't in
the final product. u Especially if you consider that eating less meat, especially red and processed, has
health benefits,v she says.
So what happened? The official response is that sustainability falls too far outside the guidelines,
official scope, which is to provide 11 nutritional and dietary information."
Possibly the agencies in charge of drafting the decisions are too close to the industries they are
supposed to regulate. On one hand, the USDA is compiling dietary advice. On the other, their clients
are US agriculture companies.
The line about keeping the guidelines7 scope to nutrition and diet doesn't ring quite right with
researchers. David Wallinga, for example, says, “ In previous guidelines, they've always been
concerned with things like food security- which is presumably the mission of the USDA. You
absolutely need to be worried about climate impacts and future sustainability if you want secure food
in the future."
51. Why are some researchers irritated at the USDA's 2016-2020 Dietary Guidelines?
A) It ignores the harmful effect of red meat and processed food on health.
B) Too much emphasis is given to eating less meat and buying local food.
C) The dietary recommendations are not based on medical science.
D) It takes no notice of the potential impact on the environment.
6 • 11

----- PAGE 346 -----
52. Why does the author say the USDA could have contributed a lot to lowering the climate cost
through its dietary guidelines?
A) It has the capacity and the financial resources to do so.
B) Its researchers have already submitted relevant proposals.
C) Its agencies in charge of drafting the guidelines have the expertise.
D) It can raise students5 environmental awareness through its programs.
53. What do we learn from the Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee's scientific report?
A) Food is easily contaminated from farm to belly.
B) Greenhouse efifect is an issue still under debate.
C) Modern agriculture has increased food diversity.
D) Farming consumes most of our natural resources.
54. What may account fbr the neglect of sustainability in the USDA's Dietary Guidelines according to
the author?
A) Its exclusive concern with Americans, food safety.
B) Its sole responsibility fbr providing dietary advice.
C) Its close ties with the agriculture companies.
D) Its alleged failure to regulate the industries.
55. What should the USDA do to achieve food security according to David Wallinga?
A) Give top priority to things like nutrition and food security.
B) Endeavor to ensure the sustainable development of agriculture.
C) Fulfill its mission by closely cooperating with the industries.
D) Study the long-term impact of climate change on food production.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
青藏铁路是世界上最高最长的高原铁路，全长1 956公里,其中有960公里在海拔4 000多
米之上，是连接西藏和中国其他地区的第一条铁路。由于铁路穿越世界上最脆弱的生态系统，
在建设期间和建成后都采取了生态保护措施，以确保其成为一条“绿色铁路”。青藏铁路大大
缩短了中国内地与西藏之间的旅行时间。更重要的是，它极大地促进了西藏的经济发展，改善
了当地居民的生活。铁路开通后,愈来愈多的人选择乘火车前往西藏，这样还有机会欣赏沿线
的美景。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 347 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on why students should be
encouraged to develop creativity. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 348 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2020年1 2 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 349 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and O). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) A driving test. 
C) Traffic routes.
B) A video game. 
D) Cargo logistics.
扫码获音频
2. A) He found it instructive and realistic.
B) He bought it when touring Europe.
C) He was really drawn to its other versions.
D) He introduced it to his brother last year.
3. A) Traveling all over the country.
B) Driving from one city to another.
C) The details in the driving simulator.
D) The key role of the logistics industry.
4. A) Clearer road signs.
B) More people driving safely.
C) Stricter traffic rules.
D) More self-driving trucks on the road.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It isn't so enjoyable as he expected.
B) It isn't so motivating as he believed.
C) It doesn't enable him to earn as much money as he used to.
D) It doesn't seem to offer as much freedom as he anticipated.
6. A) Not all of them care about their employees5 behaviors.
B) Few of them are aware of their employees5 feelings.
C) Few of them offer praise and reward to their employees.
D) Not all of them know how to motivate their employees.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 350 -----
7. A) Job satisfaction.
B) Self-awareness.
C) Autonomy.
D) Money.
8. A) The importance of cultivating close relationships with clients.
B) The need fbr getting recommendations from their managers.
C) The advantages of permanent full-time employment.
D) The way to explore employees7 interests and talents.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) ,B) ,C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er S heet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Consumers visualize their activities in different weather.
B) Good weather triggers consumers, desire to go shopping.
C) Weather conditions influence consumers, buying behavior.
D) Consumers7 mental states change with the prices of goods.
10. A) Active consumption. 
C) Individual association.
B) Direct correlation. 
D) Mental visualization.
11. A) Enabling them to simplify their mathematical formulas.
B) Helping them determine what to sell and at what price.
C) Enabling them to sell their products at a higher price.
D) Helping them advertise a greater variety of products.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) A naturally ventilated office is more comfortable.
B) A cool office will boost employees5 productivity.
C) Office air-conditioning should follow guidebooks.
D) Air-conditioning improves ventilation in the office.
13. A) People in their comfort zone of temperature are more satisfied with their productivity.
B) People in different countries vary in their tolerance to uncomfortable temperatures.
C) Twenty-two degrees is the optimal temperature for office workers.
D) There is a range of temperatures fbr people to feel comfortable.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 351 -----
14. A) It will have no negative impact on work.
B) It will be immediately noticeable.
C) It will sharply decrease work efficiency.
D) It will cause a lot of discomfort.
15. A) They tend to favor lower temperatures.
B) They suffer from rapid temperature changes.
C) They are not bothered by temperature extremes.
D) They become less sensitive to high temperatures.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It overlooked the possibility that emotions may be controlled.
B) It ignored the fact that emotions are personal and subjective.
C) It classified emotions simply as either positive or negative.
D) It measured positive and negative emotions independently.
17. A) Sitting alone without doing anything seemed really distressing.
B) Solitude adversely affected the participants, mental well-being.
C) Sitting alone for 15 minutes made the participants restless.
D) Solitude had a reductive effect on high-arousal emotions.
18. A) It proved hard to depict objectively.
B) It went hand in hand with sadness.
C) It helped increase low-arousal emotions.
D) It tended to intensify negative emotions.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It uses up much less energy than it does in deep thinking.
B) It remains inactive without burning calories noticeably.
C) It continues to burn up calories to help us stay in shape.
D) It consumes almost a quarter of the body's total energy.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 352 -----
20. A) Much of the consumption has nothing to do with conscious activities.
B) It has something to do with the difficulty of the activities in question.
C) Energy usage devoted to active learning accounts for a big part of it.
D) A significant amount of it is for performing difficult cognitive tasks.
21. A) It is believed to remain basically constant.
B) It is a prerequisite for any mental activity.
C) It is conducive to relieving mental exhaustion.
D) It is thought to be related to food consumption.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Job candidates rarely take it seriously.
B) Job seekers tend to have a ready answer.
C) Job seekers often feel at a loss where to start in answering it.
D) Job candidates can respond freely due to its open-ended nature.
23. A) Follow their career coaches5 guidelines.
B) Strive to take control of their narrative.
C) Do their best to impress the interviewer.
D) Repeat the information on their resume.
24. A) To reflect on their past achievements as well as failures.
B) To produce examples fbr different interview questions.
C) To discuss important details they are going to present.
D) To identify a broad general strength to elaborate on.
25. A) Getting acquainted with the human resources personnel.
B) Finding out why the company provides the job opening.
C) Figuring out what benefits the company is able to offer them.
D) Tailoring their expectations to the company's long-term goal.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word far
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 353 -----
Virtually every activity that entails or facilitates in-person human interaction seems to be in the
midst of a total meltdown as the coronavirus (冠W夫病毒)outbreak erases Americans, desire to travel.
Amtrak says bookings are down 50 percent and cancelations are up 300 percent. Hotels in San
Francisco are experiencing 
26 
rates between 70 and 80 percent. Broadway goes dark on
Thursday night. Universities, now emptying their campuses, have never tried online learning on this
27 
. White-collar companies like Amazon, Apple, and the New York Times are asking employees
to work from home for the 
28 
future.
But what happens after the coronavirus?
In some ways, the answer is: All the old normal stuff. The pandemic( 大流行病)will take lives,
29 
economies and destroy routines, but it will pass. Americans will never stop going to
basketball games. They won't stop going on vacation. They'll meet to do business. No decentralizing
technology so far- not telephones, not television, and not the internet- has dented that human desire
to shake hands, despite technologists, 
30 
to the contrary.
Yet there are real reasons to think that things will not return to the way they were last week.
Small 
31 
create small societal shifts; big ones change things for good. The New York transit
strike of 1980 is 
32 
with prompting several long-term changes in the city, including bus and bike
lanes, and women wearing sports shoes to work. The Spanish flu pandemic of 1918 prompted the
development of national health care in Europe.
Here and now, this might not even be a question of 
33 
. Ifs not clear that the cruise industry
will 
34 
, Or that public transit won't go broke without 
35 
assistance. The infrastructure might
not even be in place to do what we were doing in 2019.
A)
credentials
I)
scale
B)
credited
J)
strangle
C)
cumulative
K)
subtle
D)
disruptions
L)
summoned
E)
federal
M) survive
F)
foreseeable
N)
vacancy
G)
predictions
O)
wedge
H)
preference
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by markiTig the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2 .
6 - 5

----- PAGE 354 -----
Slow Hope
A) Our world is full of- mostly untold- stories of slow hope, driven by the idea that change is
possible. They are ' slow' in their unfolding, and they are slow because they come with setbacks.
B) At the beginning of time- so goes the myth—humans suffered, shivering in the cold and dark
until the titan ( 巨人)Prometheus stole fire from the gods. Just as in the myth, technology—first
fire and stone tools, and later farming, the steam engine and industry, fossil fuels, chemicals and
nuclear power- has allowed us to alter and control the natural world. The myth also reminds us
that these advances have come at a price: as a punishment fbr Prometheus, crime, the gods created
Pandora, and they gave her a box filled with evils and curses. When Pandora's box was opened, it
unleashed swarms of diseases and disasters upon humankind.
C) Today we can no longer ignore the ecological curses that we have released in our search for
warmth and comfort. In engineering and exploiting and transforming our habitat, we have opened
tens of thousands of Pandora's boxes. In recent decades, environmental threats have expanded
beyond regional boundaries to have global reach and, most hauntingly, are multiplying at a
dizzying rate. On a regular basis, we are reminded that we are running out of time. Year after year,
faster and faster, consumption outpaces the biological capacity of our planet. Stories of accelerated
catastrophe multiply. We fear the breakdown of the electric grid, the end of non-renewable
resources, the expansion of deserts, the loss of islands, and the pollution of our air and water.
D) Acceleration is the signature of our time. Populations and economic activity grew slowly for much
of human history. For thousands of years and well into early modern times, world economies saw
no growth at all, but from around the mid-19th century and again, in particular, since the mid-
20th, the real GDP has increased at an enormous speed, and so has human consumption. In the
Middle Ages, households in Central Europe might have owned fewer than 30 objects on average;
in 1900, this number had increased to 400, and in 2020 to 15,000. The acceleration of human
production, consumption and travel has changed the animate and inanimate spheres. It has echoed
through natural processes on which humans depend. Species extinction, deforestation, damming of
rivers, occurrence of floods, the depletion of ozone, the degradation of ocean systems and many
other areas are all experiencing acceleration. If represented graphically, the curve for all these
changes looks rather like that well-known hockey stick: with little change over millennia (数千年)
and a dramatic upswing over the past decades.
E) Some of today's narratives about the future seem to suggest that we too, like Prometheus, will be
saved by a new Hercules, a divine engineer, someone who will mastermind, manoeuvre and
manipulate our planet. They suggest that geoengineering, cold fusion or faster-than-light
spaceships might transcend once and for all the terrestrial constraints of rising temperatures, lack
of energy, scarcity of food, lack of space, mountains of waste, polluted water- you name it.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 355 -----
F) Yet, if we envisage our salvation to come from a deus ex machina (解围之神)，from a divine
engineer or a tech solutionist who will miraculously conjure up a new source of energy or another
cure-all with revolutionary potency, we might be looking in the wrong place. The fact that we
now imagine our planet as a whole does not mean that the ' rescue' of our planet will come with
one big global stroke of genius and technology. It will more likely come by many small acts.
Global heating and environmental degradation are not technological problems. They are highly
political issues that are informed by powerful interests. Moreover, if history is a guide, then we
can assume that any major transformations will once again be followed by a huge set of
unintended consequences. So what do we do?
G) This much is clear: we need to find ways that help us flatten the hockey-stick curves that reflect
our ever-faster pace of ecological destruction and social acceleration. If we acknowledge that
human manipulation of the Earth has been a destructive force, we can also imagine that human
endeavours can help us build a less destructive world in the centuries to come. We might keep
making mistakes. But we will also keep learning from our mistakes.
H) To counter the fears of disaster, we need to identify stories, visions and actions that work quietly
towards a more hopeful future. Instead of one big narrative, a story of unexpected rescue by a
larger-than-life hero, we need multiple stories: we need stories, not only of what Rob Nixon of
Princeton University has called the 1 slow violence' of environmental degradation (that is, the
damage that is often invisible at first and develops slowly and gradually), but also stories of what I
call ' slow hope
I) We need an acknowledgement of our present ecological plight but also a language of positive
change, visions of a better future. In The Principle of Hope (1954-1959), Ernst Bloch, one of the
leading philosophers of the future, wrote that 'the most tragic form of loss... is the loss of the
capacity to imagine that things could be different'. We need to identify visions and paths that will
help us imagine a different, more just and more ecological world. Hope, for Bloch, has its starting
point in fear, in uncertainty, and in crisis: it is a creative force that goes hand in hand with utopian
(乌托邦的)4 wishful images5 . It can be found in cultural products of the past-in fairy tales, in
fiction, in architecture, in music, in the movies―in products of the human mind that contain ' the
outlines of a better world'. What makes us ' authentic' as humans are visions of our ' potential, .
In other words: living in hope makes us human.
J) The power of small, grassroots movements to make changes that spread beyond their place of
origin can be seen with the Slow Food movement, which began in Italy in the 1980s. The rise of
fast-food restaurants after the Second World War produced a society full of cheap, industrially
made foodstuffs. Under the leadership of Carlo Petrini, the Slow Food movement began in
Piedmont, a region of Italy with a long history of poverty, violence and resistance to oppression.
The movement transformed it into a region hospitable to traditional food cultures—based on
6 ・
 7

----- PAGE 356 -----
native plants and breeds of animals. Today, Slow Food operates in more than 160 countries, poor
and rich. It has given rise to thousands of projects around the globe, representing democratic
politics, food sovereignty, biodiversity and sustainable agriculture.
K） The unscrupulous （无所顾忌的）commodification of food and the destruction of foodstuffs will
continue to devastate soils, livelihoods and ecologies. Slow Food cannot undo the irresistible
developments of the global food economy, but it can upset its theorists, it can ' speak dififerently',
and it can allow people and their local food traditions and environments to flourish. Even in the
United States- the fast-food nation- small farms and urban gardens are on the rise. The US
Department of Agriculture provides an Urban Agriculture Toolkit and, according to a recent
report, American millennials （千禧一代）are changing their diets. In 2017, 6 per cent of US
consumers claimed to be strictly vegetarian, up from 1 per cent in 2014. As more people realise
that ' eating is an agricultural a c t', as the US poet and environmental activist Wendell Berry put it
in 1989, slow hope advances.
36. It seems some people today dream that a cutting-edge new technology might save them from the
present ecological disaster.
37. According to one great thinker, it is most unfortunate if we lose the ability to think differently.
38. Urgent attention should be paid to the ecological problems we have created in our pursuit of a
comfortable life.
39. Even in the fast-food nation America, the number of vegetarians is on the rise.
40. The deterioration of the ecological system is accelerating because of the dramatic increase of
human production and consumption.
41. It is obvious that solutions must be found to curb the fast worsening environment and social
acceleration.
42. Many people believe changing the world is possible, though it may take time and involve
setbacks.
43. It might be wrong to expect that our world would be saved at one stroke with some miraculous
technology.
44. It is human nature to cherish hopes fbr a better world.
45. Technology has given us humans the power to change the natural world, but we have paid a price
for the change.
6 • 8

----- PAGE 357 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Vegetarians would prefer not to be compelled to eat meat. Yet the reverse compulsion (强迫)is
hidden in the proposals for a new plant-based u planetary diet/' Nowhere is this more visible than in
India.
Earlier this year, the EAT-Lancet Commission released its global report on nutrition and called
for a global shift to a more plant-based diet and for 44 substantially reducing consumption of animal
source foods." In countries like India, that call could become a tool to aggravate an already tense
political situation and stress already undernourished populations.
The EAT report presumes that <ltraditional diets" in countries like India include little red meat,
which might be consumed only on special occasions or as minor ingredients in mixed dishes.
In India, however, there is a vast difference between what people would wish to consume and
what they have to consume because of innumerable barriers around class, religion, culture, cost,
geography, etc. Pol icy makers in India have traditionally pushed for a cereal-heavy 14 vegetarian diet"
on a meat-eating population as a way of providing the cheapest sources of food.
Currently, under an aggressive Hindu nationalist government, Muslims, Christians, disadvantaged
classes and indigenous communities are being compelled to give up their traditional foods.
None of these concerns seem to have been appreciated by the EAT-Lancet Commission's
representative, Brent Loken, who said u India has got such a great example" in sourcing protein from
plants.
But how much of a model for the world is India's vegetarianism? In the Global Hunger Index
2019, the country ranks 102nd out of 117. Data from the National Family Health Survey indicate that
only 10 percent of infants of 6 to 23 months are adequately fed.
Which is why calls for a plant-based diet modeled on India risk offering another whip with
which to beat already vulnerable communities in developing countries.
A diet directed at the affluent West fails to recognize that in low-income countries
undernourished children are known to benefit from the consumption of milk and other animal source
foods, improving cognitive functions, while reducing the prevalence of nutritional deficiencies as well
as mortality.
EAT-Lancet claimed its intention was to u spark conversationsn among all Indian stakeholders.
Yet vocal critics of the food processing industry and food fortification strategies have been left out of
the debate. But the most conspicuous omission may well be the absence of India's farmers.
The government, however, seems to have given the report a thumps-up. Rather than addressing
6 • 9

----- PAGE 358 -----
chronic hunger and malnutrition through an improved access to wholesome and nutrient-dense foods,
the government is opening the door fbr company-dependent solutions, ignoring the environmental and
economic cost, which will destroy local food systems. Ifs a model full of danger for future
generations.
46. What is more visible in India than anywhere else according to the passage?
A) People's positive views on the proposals fbr a u planetary diet."
B) People's reluctance to be compelled to eat plant-based food.
C) People's preferences for the kind of food they consume.
D) People's unwillingness to give up their eating habits.
47. What would the EAT-Lancet Commission's report do to many people in countries like India?
A) Radically change their dietary habits.
B) Keep them further away from politics.
C) Make them even more undernourished.
D) Substantially reduce their food choices.
48. What do we learn from the passage about food consumption in India?
A) People's diet will not change due to the EAT-Lancet report.
B) Many people simply do not have access to foods they prefer.
C) There is a growing popularity of a cereal-heavy vegetarian diet.
D) Policymakers help remove the barriers to people's choice of food.
49. What does the passage say about a plant-based diet modeled on India?
A) It may benefit populations whose traditional diet is meat-based.
B) It may be another blow to the economy in developing countries.
C) It may help narrow the gap between the rich and poor countries.
D) It may worsen the nourishment problem in low-income countries.
50. How does the Indian government respond to the EAT-Lancet Commission's proposals?
A) It accepts them at the expense of the long-term interests of its people.
B) It intends them to spark conversations among all Indian stakeholders.
C) It gives them approval regardless of opposition from nutrition experts.
D) It welcomes them as a tool to address chronic hunger and malnutrition.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Back in 1964, in his book Games People Play, psychiatrist Eric Berne described a pattern of
conversation he called “Why Don't You—Yes But”, which remains one of the most irritating aspects
6 - 10

----- PAGE 359 -----
of everyday social life. The person adopting the strategy is usually a chronic complainer. Something is
terrible about their relationship, job, or other situation, and they moan about it ceaselessly, but find
some excuse to dismiss any solution that's proposed. The reason, of course, is that on some level they
don't want a solution; they want to be validated in their position that the world is out to get them. If
they can "win" the game- dismissing every suggestion until their 加征“ ocWor( 对话者)gives up in
annoyance—they get to feel pleasurably righteous ( 正当的) in their resentments and excused from
any obligation to change.
Part of the trouble here is the so-called responsibility/fault fallacy ( 谬误). When you're feeling
hard done by- taken fbr granted by your partner, say, or obliged to work for a half-witted boss一ifs
easy to become attached to the position that it's not your job to address the matter, and that doing so
would be an admission of fault. But there's a confusion here. For example, if I were to discover a
newborn at my front door, it wouldn't be my fault, but it most certainly would be my responsibility.
There would be choices to make, and no possibility of avoiding them, since trying to ignore the
matter would be a choice. The point is that what goes fbr the baby on the doorstep is true in all cases:
even if the other person is 100% in the wrong, there's nothing to be gained, long-term, from using
this as a justification to evade responsibility.
Should you find yourself on the receiving end of this kind of complaining, there's an ingenious
way to shut it down- which is to agree with it, ardently. Psychotherapist Lori Gottlieb describes this
as u over-validation". For one thing, you'll be spared further moaning, since the other person's
motivation was to confirm her beliefs, and now you're confirming them. But for another, as Gottlieb
notes, people confronted with over-validation often hear their complaints afresh and start arguing
back. The notion that they're utterly powerless suddenly seems unrealistic- not to mention rather
annoying- so they're prompted instead to generate ideas about how they might change things.
“And then, sometimes, something magical might happen," Gottlieb writes. The other person
u might realise she's not as trapped as you are saying she is, or as she feels.W hich illustrates the
irony of the responsibility/fault fallacy: evading responsibility feels comfortable, but turns out to be a
prison; whereas assuming responsibility feels unpleasant, but ends up being freeing.
51. What is characteristic of a chronic complainer, according to psychiatrist Eric Berne?
A) They only feel angry about their ill treatment and resent whoever tries to help.
B) They are chronically unhappy and ceaselessly find fault with people around them.
C) They constantly dismiss others5 proposals while taking no responsibility for tackling the problem.
D) They lack the knowledge and basic skills required fbr successful conversations with their
interlocutors.
52. What does the author try to illustrate with the example of the newborn on one's doorstep?
A) People tend to think that one should not be held responsible for others5 mistakes.
B) It is easy to become attached to the position of overlooking one's own fault.
C) People are often at a loss when confronted with a number of choices.
D) A distinction should be drawn between responsibility and fault.
6 • 11

----- PAGE 360 -----
53. What does the author advise people to do to chronic complainers?
A) Stop them from going further by agreeing with them.
B) Listen to their complaints ardently and sympathetically.
C) Ask them to validate their beliefs with further evidence.
D) Persuade them to clarify the confusion they have caused.
54. What happens when chronic complainers receive over-validation?
A) They are motivated to find ingenious ways to persuade their interlocutor.
B) They are prompted to come up with ideas for making possible changes.
C) They are stimulated to make more complaints.
D) They are encouraged to start arguing back.
55. How can one stop being a chronic complainer according to the author?
A) Analysing the so-called responsibility/fault fallacy.
B) Avoiding hazardous traps in everyday social life.
C) Assuming responsibility to free oneself.
D) Awaiting something magical to happen.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er SheGt 2.
港珠澳大桥(Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge)全长5 5 公里，是我国一项不同寻常的工程
壮举。大桥将三个城市连接起来，是世界上最长的跨海桥梁和隧道系统。大桥将三个城市之间
的旅行时间从3 小时缩短到3 0 分钟。这座跨度巨大的钢筋混凝土大桥充分证明中国有能力建
造创纪录的巨型建筑。它将助推区域一体化，促进经济增长。大桥是中国发展自己的大湾区总
体规划的关键。中国希望将大湾区建成在技术创新和经济繁荣上能与旧金山、纽约和东京的湾
区相媲美的地区。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 361 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on why students should be
encouraged to develop effective communication skills. You should write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 362 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2020年12月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 363 -----
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
特别说明
¥ 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
«
I 第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
, ^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » 7 '
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is
identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the
bank more than once.
Social distancing is putting people out of work, canceling school and tanking the stock market. It
has been 
26 
by fear, and it is creating even more fear as money problems and uncertainty grow.
However, at its core is love, and a sacrifice to protect those most 
27 
to the coronavirus (冠月尖病
毒) effects- the elderly, people with compromised immune systems, and those whose life-saving
resources would be used up by a 
28 
epidemic.
Americans make life-saving decisions every day as a matter of course. We cut food into bite-
sized pieces, we wear seatbelts, and we take care not to exceed the speed limit. But social distancing
is 
29 
in that it is completely self-sacrificing. Those who will benefit may be the elderly relatives
of the 
30 
person we didn't pass in Starbucks, on the subway, or in the elevator.
Social distancing is millions of people making hundreds of sacrifices to keep the elderly alive. It
doesn't include the 
31 
to run from society or make an excuse to avoid one's obligations- such as
life-saving medical work or the parental obligation to buy groceries. What it does include is applying
love through caution. And in doing so, it offers an 
32 
opportunity for those who care about the
elderly to find new ways to love them.
If we're not 
33 
as much in our normal work or school, we have extra time to call parents
and grandparents. We can also ask elderly relatives how to best support them 
34 
and use our
sacrifices as an opportunity to bring us, our community and the world 
35 
.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 364 -----
A)
amazing
I)
sentimentally
B)
closer
J)
spiritually
C)
driven
K)
temptations
D)
engaged
L)
thriftier
E)
malignant
M) tickled
F)
oppressing
N)
unique
G)
premises
0)
vulnerable
H)
random
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2.
Why Lifelong Learning Is the International Passport to Success
A) Picture yourself at a college graduation day, with a fresh cohort (一群)of students about to set sail
for new horizons. What are they thinking while they throw their caps in the air? What is it with
this thin sheet of paper that makes it so precious? Ifs not only the proof of acquired knowledge
but plays into the reputation game of where you were trained. Being a graduate from Harvard Law
School carries that extra glamour, doesn't it? Yet take a closer look, and the diploma is the perfect
ending to the modern tragedy of education.
B) Why? Because universities and curricula are designed along the three unities of French classical
tragedy: time, action, and place. Students meet at the university campus (unity of place) for classes
(unity of action) during their 20s (unity of time). This classical model has traditionally produced
prestigious universities, but it is now challenged by the digitalisation of society—which allows
everybody who is connected to the internet to access learning—and by the need to acquire skills
in step with a fast-changing world. Universities must realise that learning in your 20s won't be
enough. If technological diffusion and implementation develop faster, workers will have to
constantly refresh their skills.
C) The university model needs to evolve. It must equip students with the right skills and knowledge
to compete in a world ' where value will be derived largely from human interaction and the ability
to invent and interpret things that machines cannot5 , as the English futurist Richard Watson puts
it. By teaching foundational knowledge and up-to-date skills, universities will provide students
with the future-proof skills of lifelong learning, not just get them 4 job-ready5 .
6 • 2

----- PAGE 365 -----
D) Some universities already play a critical role in lifelong learning as they want to keep the value of
their diplomas. This new role comes with a huge set of challenges, and needs largely to be
invented. One way to start this transformation process could be to go beyond the ' five-year
diploma model5 to adapt curricula to lifelong learning. We call this model the lifelong passport.
E) The Bachelor's degree could be your passport to lifelong learning. For the first few years, students
would 4 learn to learn' and get endowed with reasoning skills that remain with them for the rest of
their lives. For instance, physics allows you to observe and rationalise the world, but also to
integrate observations into models and, sometimes, models into theories or laws that can be used to
make predictions. Mathematics is the language used to formulate the laws of physics or economy,
and to make rigorous computations that turn into predictions. These two disciplines naturally form
the foundational pillars of education in technical universities.
F) Recent advances in computational methods and data science push us into rethinking science and
engineering. Computers increasingly become principal actors in leveraging data to formulate
questions, which requires radically new ways of reasoning. Therefore, a new discipline blending
computer science, programming, statistics and machine learning should be added to the traditional
foundational topics of mathematics and physics. These three pillars would allow you to keep
learning complex technical subjects all your life because numeracy (计算)is the foundation upon
which everything else is eventually built.
G) According to this new model, the Master of Science (MSc) would become the first stamp in the
lifelong learning journey. The MSc curriculum should prepare students for their professional
career by allowing them to focus on acquiring practical skills through projects.
H) Those projects are then interwoven with fast-paced technical modules (模块)learned ' on-the-fly5
and ' at will' depending on the nature of the project. If, for instance, your project is developing
an integrated circuit, you will have to take a module on advanced concepts in microelectronics.
The most critical skills will be developed before the project even starts, in the form of boot camps
(短期强化训练)，while the rest can be fostered along with the project, putting them to immediate
use and thus providing a rich learning context.
I) In addition to technical capabilities, the very nature of projects develops social and entrepreneurial
skills, such as design thinking, initiative taking, team leading, activity reporting or resource
planning. Not only will those skills be actually integrated into the curriculum but they will be very
important to have in the future because they are difficult to automate.
J) After the MSc diploma is earned, there would be many more stamps of lifelong learning over the
years. If universities decide to engage in this learning model, they will have to cope with many
organisational challenges that might shake their unity of place and action. First, the number of
students would be unpredictable. If all of a university's alumni (往届毕业生)were to become
6 • 3

----- PAGE 366 -----
students again, the student body would be much bigger than it is now, and it could become
unsustainable fbr the campus in terms of both size and resources. Second, freshly graduated
students would mix with professionally experienced ones. This would change the classroom
dynamics, perhaps for the best. Project-based learning with a mixed team reflects the reality of the
professional world and could therefore be a better preparation for it.
K) Sound like science fiction? In many countries, part-time studying is not exceptional: on average
across OECD countries, part-time students in 2016 represented 20 per cent of enrolment in tertiary
education. In many countries, this share is higher and can exceed 40 per cent in Australia, New
Zealand and Sweden.
L) If lifelong learning were to become a priority and the new norm, diplomas, just like passports,
could be revalidated periodically. A time-determined re validation would ease administration for
everybody. Universities as well as employers and employees would know when they have to
retrain. For instance, graduates from the year 2000 would have to come back in 2005.
M) This could fix the main organisational challenges fbr the university, but not for the learners, due
to lack of time, family obligations or funds. Here, online learning might be an option because it
allows you to save your 4 travel time' , but it has its limits. So far, none of the major employers
associated with online learning platforms such as Coursera and Udacity has committed to hire or
even interview graduates of their new online programmes.
N) Even if time were not an issue, who will pay fbr lifelong learning? Thafs the eternal debate:
should it be the learnefs responsibility, that of his employer, or of the state? For example, in
Massachusetts, the healthcare professions require continuing education credits, which are carefully
evidenced and documented. Yet the same state's lawyers don't require continuing legal education,
although most lawyers do participate in it informally. One explanation is that technology is less of
a factor in law than it is in healthcare.
O) Europe has many scenarios, but the French and Swiss ones are interesting to compare. In France,
every individual has a right to lifelong learning organised via a personal learning account that is
credited as you work. In Switzerland, lifelong learning is a personal responsibility and not a
government one. However, employers and the state encourage continuing education either by
funding parts of it or by allowing employees to attend it.
P) Universities have a fundamental role to play in this journey, and higher education is in fbr a
change. Just like classical theatre, the old university model produced talent and value for society.
We are not advocating its abolition but rather calling fbr the adaptation of its characteristics to
meet the needs of today.
36. Students should develop the key skills before they start a project.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 367 -----
37. By acquiring reasoning skills in the first few years of college, students can lay a foundation fbr
lifelong learning.
38. The easy access to learning and rapid technological changes have brought the traditional model of
education under challenge.
39. Unbelievable as it may seem, part-time students constitute a considerable portion of the student
body in many universities across the world.
40. Some social and managerial skills, which are not easily automated, will be of great importance to
students7 future careers.
41. A new model of college education should provide students with the knowledge and skills that will
make them more inventive and capable of lifelong learning.
42. A mixed student body may change the classroom dynamics and benefit learning.
43. The question of who will bear the cost of lifelong learning is a topic of constant debate.
44. To the traditional subjects of math and physics should be added a new discipline which combines
computer science with statistics and other components.
45. Students who are burdened with family duties might choose to take online courses.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er
S h e e t 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Why does social media trigger feelings of loneliness and inadequacy? Because instead of being
real life, it is, for the most part, impression management, a way of marketing yourself, carefully
choosing and filtering the pictures and words to put your best face forward.
Online u friends" made through social media do not follow the normal psychological progression
of an interpersonal relationship. You share neither physical time nor emotional conversations over the
Internet. You simply communicate photographs and catchy posts to a diverse group of people whom
you have u friended" or followedbased on an accidental interaction. This is not to say that your
social media friends can't be real friends. They absolutely can, but the two are not synonymous.
6 - 5

----- PAGE 368 -----
Generally speaking, there are no unfiltered comments or casually taken photos on our social media
pages. And, rightfully so, because it wouldn't feel safe to be completely authentic and vulnerable with
some of our “ friendsn whom we don't actually know or with whom trust has yet to be built.
Social media can certainly be an escape from the daily grind, but we must be cautioned against
the negative effects, such as addiction, on a person's overall psychological well-being.
As humans, we yearn for social connection. Scrolling (滚动)through pages of pictures and
comments, however, does not provide the same degree of fulfillment as face-to-face interactions do.
Also, we tend to idealize others5 lives and compare our downfalls to their greatest accomplishments,
ending in feelings of loneliness and inadequacy.
Social media can lead people on the unhealthy quest for perfection. Some people begin to attend
certain events or travel to different places so that they can snap that 44 perfect5' photo. They begin to
seek validation through the number of people who u like" their posts. In order fbr it to play a
psychologically healthy role in your social life, social media should supplement an already healthy
social network. Pictures and posts should be byproducts of life's treasured moments and fun times, not
the planned and calculated image that one is putting out into cyberspace in an attempt to fill
insecurities or unmet needs.
Ultimately, social media has increased our ability to connect with various types of people all over
the globe. It has opened doors for businesses and allowed us to stay connected to people whom we
may not otherwise get to follow. However, social media should feel like a fun experience, not one that
contributes to negative thoughts and feelings. If the latter is the case, increasing face-to-face time with
trusted friends, and minimizing time scrolling online, will prove to be a reminder that your social
network is much more rewarding than any "like,“ 4tfollow" or "share“ can be.
46. What does the author imply social media may do to our life?
A) It may facilitate our interpersonal relationships.
B) It may filter our negative impressions of others.
C) It may make us feel isolated and incompetent.
D) It may render us vulnerable and inauthentic.
47. Why do people post comments selectively on social media?
A) They do not find all their online friends trustworthy.
B) They want to avoid offending any of their audience.
C) They do not want to lose their followers.
D) They are eager to boost their popularity.
48. What are humans inclined to do according to the passage?
A) Exaggerate their life's accomplishments. 
C) Paint a rosy picture of other people's lives.
B) Strive fbr perfection regardless of the cost. D) Learn lessons from other people's downfalls.
49. What is the author's view of pictures and posts on social media?
A) They should record the memorable moments in people's lives.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 369 -----
B) They should be carefully edited so as to present the best image.
C) They should be shown in a way that meets one's security needs.
D) They should keep people from the unhealthy quest for perfection.
50. What does the author advise people to do when they find their online experience unconstructive?
A) Use social media to increase their ability to connect with various types of people.
B) Stay connected to those whom they may not otherwise get to know and befriend.
C) Try to prevent negative thoughts and feelings from getting into the online pages.
D) Strengthen ties with real-life friends instead of caring about their online image.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Imagine that an alien species landed on Earth and, through their mere presence, those aliens
caused our art to vanish, our music to homogenize, and our technological know-how to disappear.
That is effectively what humans have been doing to our closest relatives—chimps(大猩猩).
Back in 1999, a team of scientists led by Andrew Whiten showed that chimps from different
parts of Africa behave very differently from one another. Some groups would get each othefs
attention by rapping branches with their knuckles (指关节)，while others did it by loudly ripping
leaves with their teeth. The team identified 39 of these traditions that are practiced by some
communities but not others—a pattern that, at the time, hadn't been seen in any animal except
humans. It was evidence, the team said, that chimps have their own cultures.
It took a long time to convince skeptics that such cultures exist, but now we have plenty of
examples of animals learning local traditions from one another.
But just when many scientists have come to accept the existence of animal cultures, many of
those cultures might vanish. Ammie Kalan and her colleagues have shown, through years of intensive
fieldwork, that the very presence of humans has eroded the diversity of chimp behavior. Where we
flourish, their cultures wither. It is a bitterly ironic thing to learn on the 20th anniversary of Whiten's
classic study.
"It's amazing to think that just 60 years ago, we knew next to nothing of the behavior of our
sister species in the wild," Whiten says. "But now, just as we are truly getting to know our primate ｛灵
长类)cousins, the actions of humans are closing the window on all we have discovered.
u Sometimes in the rush to conserve the species, I think we forget about the individuals,says
Cat Hobaiter, a professor at the University of St. Andrews. u Each population, each community, even
each generation of chimps is unique. An event might only have a small impact on the total population
of chimps, but it may wipe out an entire community- an entire culture. No matter what we do to
restore habitat or support population growth, we may never be able to restore that culture.v
No one knows whether the destruction of chimp culture is getting worse. Few places have
tracked chimp behavior over long periods, and those that have are also more likely to have protected
their animals from human influence.
Obviously, conservationists need to think about saving species in a completely new way一by
preserving animal traditions as well as bodies and genes. u Instead of focusing only on the
6 ・
 7

----- PAGE 370 -----
conservation of genetically based entities like species, we now need to also consider culturally based
entities," says Andrew Whiten.
51. What does the author say we humans have been doing to chimps?
A) Ruining their culture. 
C) Treating them as alien species.
B) Accelerating their extinction. 
D) Homogenizing their living habits.
52. What is the finding of Andrew Whiten's team?
A) Chimps demonstrate highly developed skills of communication.
B) Chimps rely heavily upon their body language to communicate.
C) Chimps behave in ways quite similar to those of human beings.
D) Different chimp groups differ in their way of communication.
53. What did Ammie Kalan and her colleagues find through their intensive fieldwork?
A) Whiten's classic study has little impact on the diversity of chimp behavior.
B) Chimp behavior becomes less varied with the increase of human activity.
C) Chimps alter their culture to quickly adapt to the changed environment.
D) It might already be too late to prevent animal cultures from extinction.
54. What does Cat Hobaiter think we should do for chimp conservation?
A) Try to understand our sister species, behavior in the wild.
B) Make efforts to preserve each individual chimp community.
C) Study the unique characteristics of each generation of chimps.
D) Endeavor to restore chimp habitats to expand its total population.
55. What does the author suggest conservationists do?
A) Focus entirely on culturally-based entities rather than genetically-based ones.
B) Place more stress on animal traditions than on their physical conservation.
C) Conserve animal species in a novel and all-round way.
D) Explore the cultures of species before they vanish.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A n sw e r S h e e t 2.
北京大兴国际机场位于天安门广场以南4 6 公里处，于2019年9 月3 0 日投入使用。该巨
型工程于2014年开工建设，高峰时工地上有4 万多工人。航站楼设计紧凑，可以允许最大数量
的飞机直接停靠在最靠近航站楼中心的位置，这给乘客提供了极大的方便。航站楼共有82个
登机口，但乘客通过安检后，只需不到8 分钟就能抵达任何一个登机口。机场的设计可确保每
小时300架次起降。机场年客运量2040年将达到1 亿人次，有望成为世界上最繁忙的机场。
6 - 8

----- PAGE 371 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on why students should be
encouraged to develop the ability to meet challenges. You should write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！
