
----- PAGE 1 -----
1
2021 年12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第3 套）
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay based on the
short passage given below. In your essay, you are to comment on the phenomenon
described in the passage and suggest measures to address the issue. You should write
at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Young people spend a lot of time on the internet. However, they are sometimes unable
to recognize false information on the internet, judge the reliability of online
information sources, or tell real news stories from fake ones.
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
（略）
Part III
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
（略）
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements
attached to it. Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs.
Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a
paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Do music lessons really make children smarter?
[A]A recent analysis found that most research mischaracterizes the relationship
between music and skills enhancement.
[B]In 2004, a paper appeared in the journal Psychological Science, titled “ Music
Lessons Enhance IQ.” The author; composer and psychologist Glenn Schellenberg
had conducted an experiment with 144 children randomly assigned to four groups:
one learned the keyboard for a year, one took singing lessons, one joined an acting
class, and a control group had no extracurricular training. The IQ of the children in
the two musical groups rose by an average of seven points in the course of a year;
those in the other .two groups gained an average of 4.3 points.
[C] Schellenberg had 1ong been skeptical of the science supporting claims hat music
education enhances children’s abstract reasoning, math, or language sills. If children
who play the piano are smarter, he says, it doesn’t necessarily mean they are smarter
because they play the piano. It could be that the youngsters who play the piano also

----- PAGE 2 -----
2
happen to be more ambitious or better at focusing on a task. Correlation, after all,
does not prove causation.
[D] The 2004 paper was specifically designed to address those concerns. And as a
passionate musician, Schellenberg was delighted when he turned up credible evidence
that music has transfer effects on general intelligence. But nearly a decade later, in
2013, the Education Endowment Foundation funded a bigger study with more than
900 students. That study failed to confirm Schellenberg’s findings, producing no
evidence that music lessons improved math and literacy skills.
[E] Schellenberg took that news in stride while continuing to cast a skeptical eye on
the research in his field, Recently, he decided to formally investigate just how often
his fellow researchers in psychology and neuroscience make what he believes are
erroneous—or at least premature—causal connections between music and intelligence.
His results, published in May, suggest hat many of his peers do just that.
[F]For his recent study, Schellenberg asked two research assistants to look for
correlational studies on the effects of music education. They found a total of 114
papers published since 2000. To assess whether the authors claimed any causation,
researchers then looked for telltale verbs in each paper’s title and abstract, verbs like
“enhance” ,“promote” ,“facilitate” , and “strengthen” . The papers were categorized as
neuroscience if the study employed a brain imaging method like magnetic resonance,
or if the study appeared in a journal that had “brain”, “neuroscience”, or a related term
in its title. Otherwise the papers were categorized as psychology. Schellenberg didn’t
tell his assistants what exactly he was trying to prove.
[G] After computing their assessments, Schellenberg concluded that the majority of
the articles erroneously claimed that music training had a causal effect. The
overselling, he also found, was more prevalent among neuroscience studies, three
quarters of which mischaracterized a mere association between music training and
skills enhancement as a cause-and-effect relationship. This may come as a surprise to
some. Psychologists have been battling charges that they don’t do “real” science for
some time — in large part because many findings from classic experiments have
proved unreproducible. Neuroscientists, on the other hand, armed with brain scans
and EEGs(脑电图), have not been subject to the same degree of critique.
[H]To argue for a cause-and-effect relationship, scientists must attempt to explain why
and how a connection could occur. When it comes to transfer effects of music,
scientists frequently point to brain plasticity — the fact that the brain changes
according to how we use it. When a child learns to play the violin, for example,
several studies have shown that the brain region responsible for the fine motor skills
of the left hand’s fingers is likely to grow. And many experiments have shown that
musical training improves certain hearing capabilities, like filtering voices from
background noise or distinguishing the difference between the consonants (辅音) ‘b’
and ‘g’.
[I]But Schellenberg remains highly critical of how the concept of plasticity has been
applied in his field. “Plasticity has become an industry of its own,” he wrote in his
May paper. Practice does change the brain, he allows, but what is questionable is the
assertion that these changes affect other brain regions, such as those responsible for

----- PAGE 3 -----
3
spatial reasoning or math problems.
[J]Neuropsychologist Lutz Jäncke agrees. “Most of these studies don’t allow for
causal inferences,” he said. For over two decades, Jäncke has researched the effects of
music lessons, and like Schellenberg, he believes that the only way to truly
understand their effects is to run longitudinal studies. In such studies, researchers
would need to follow groups of children with and without music lessons over a long
period of time—even if the assignments are not completely random. Then they could
compare outcomes for each group.
[K]Some researchers are staring to do just that. The neuroscientist Peter Schneider
from Heidelberg University in Germany, for example, has been following a group of
children for ten years now. Some of them were handed musical instruments and given
lessons through a school-based program in the Ruhr region of Germany called Jedem
Kind ein Instrument, or“an instrument for every child,” which was carried out with
government funding. Among these children, Schneider has found that those who were
enthusiastic about music and who practiced voluntarily showed improvements in
hearing ability, as well as in more general competencies, such as the ability to
concentrate.
[L] To establish whether effects such as improved concentration are caused by music
participation itself, and not by investing time in an extracurricular activity of any kind,
Assal Habibi, a psychology professor at the s University of Southern California, is
conducing a five-year longitudinal study with children from low-income communities
in Los Angeles. The youngsters fall into three groups: those who take after school
music, those who do after-school sports, and those with no structured after-school
program at all. After two years, Habibi and her colleagues reported seeing structural
changes in the brains of the musically trained children, both locally and in the
pathways connecting different parts of the brain.
[M]That may seem compelling, but Habibi’s children were not selected randomly. Did
the children who were drawn to music perhaps have something in them from the start
that made them different but eluded the brain scanners? “As somebody who started
taking piano lessons at the age of five and got up every morning at seven to practice,
that experience changed me and made me part of who I am today,” Schellenberg said.
“The question is whether those kinds of experiences do so systematically across
individuals and create exactly the same changes. And I think that is that huge leap of
faith.”
[N] Did he have a hidden talent that others didn’t have? Or more endurance than his
peers? Music researchers tend, like Schellenberg, to be musicians themselves, and as
he noted in his recent paper, “the idea of positive cognitive and neural side effects
from music training (and other pleasurable activities) is inherently appealing.” He also
admits that if he had children of his own, he would encourage them to take music
lessons and go to university. “I would think that it makes them better people, more
critical, just wiser in general,” he said.
[O] But those convictions should be checked at the entrance to the lab, he added.
Otherwise, the work becomes religion or faith. “You have to let go of your faith if you
want to be a scientist.”

----- PAGE 4 -----
4
36.
Glenn
Schellenberg’s
latest
research
suggests
many
psychologists
and
neuroscientists wrongly believe in the causal relationship between music and IQ.
37. The belief in the positive effects of music training appeals to many researchers
who are musicians themselves.
38. Glenn Schellenberg was doubtful about the claim that music education helps
enhance children’s intelligence.
39. Glenn Schellenberg came to the conclusion that most of the papers assessed made
the wrong claim regarding music’s effect on intelligence.
40.You must abandon your unverified beliefs before you become a scientist.
41. Lots of experiments have demonstrated that people with music training can better
differentiate certain sounds.
42. Glenn Schellenberg’s findings at the beginning of this century were not supported
by a larger study carried out some ten years later.
43. One researcher shares Glenn Schellenberg’s view that it is necessary to conduct
long-term developmental studies to understand the effects of music training.
44. Glenn Schellenberg’s research assistants had no idea what he was trying to prove
in his new study.
45. Glenn Schellenberg admits that practice can change certain areas of the brain but
doubts that the change can affect other areas.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by
some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices
marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The trend toward rationality and enlightenment was endangered long before the
advent of the World Wide Web. As Neil Postman noted in his 1985 book Amusing
Ourselves to Death, the rise of television introduced not just a new medium hut a new
discourse: a gradual shift from a typographic (印刷的) culture to a photographic one,
which in turn meant a shift from rationality to emotions, exposition to entertainment.
In an image-centered and pleasure-driven world, Postman noted, there is no place for
rational thinking, because you simply cannot think with images. It is text that enables
us to “uncover lies, confusions and overgeneralizations, and to detect abuses of logic
and common sense. It also means to weigh ideas, to compare and contrast assertions,
to connect one generalization to another.”
The dominance of television was not confined to our living rooms. It overturned
all of those habits of mind, fundamentally changing our experience of the world,
affecting the constructively and tactfully, exactly how their inflated sense of

----- PAGE 5 -----
5
deservingness is somewhat distorted. They’d then go further to explain the specific,
and objective, criteria the employee must meet to receive their desired rewards. This
shift away from unrealistic expectations is successful because entitled employees feel
more confident that ethical leaders will deliver on their promises. This occurs because
they’re perceived to be fair and trustworthy. The researchers, however, exercise
caution by warning no one single response in the perfect remedy. But there’s no
denying ethical leadership is at least a critical step in the right direction.
51. What does a recent study find about a growing number of workers?
A) They attempt to make more contributions.
B) They feel they deserve mote than they get.
C) They attach importance to job satisfaction.
D) They try to diminish workplace dysfunction.
52. Why don’t some employees work hard according to many scholars?
A) They lack a strong sense of self-worth.
B) They were spoiled when growing up.
C) They have received unfair treatment.
D) They are overindulged by their boss.
53. What is a manager supposed to do to enable workers to do a better job?
A) Be aware of their emotions.
B) Give them timely promotions.
C) Keep a record of their performance.
D) Seek ways to sustain their motivation.
54. What do the research findings reveal about ethical leaders?
A) They are held accountable by their employees.
B) They are always transparent in their likes and dislikes.
C) They convey their requirements in a straightforward way.
D) They make it a point to be on good term with their employees.
55. What kind of leaders are viewed as ethical by entitled employees?
A) Those who can be counted on to fulfill commitments.
B) Those who can do things beyond normal expectations.
C) Those who exercise caution in making major decisions.
D) Those who know how to satisfy their employees’ needs.
49. What does the passage say about the World Wide Web?
A) It was developed primarily for universities worldwide.
B) It was created to connect people in different countries.
C) It was viewed as a means to quest for knowledge.
D) It was designed as a discussion forum for university students.
50.What do we learn about users of social media?

----- PAGE 6 -----
6
A)They are bent on looking for an alternative space for escape.
B)They are constantly seeking approval from their audience.
C)They are forever engaged in hunting for new information.
D)They are unable to focus their attention on tasks for long.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
According to a recent study, a small but growing proportion of the workforce is
affected to some degree by a sense of entitlement. Work is less about what they can
contribute but more about what they can take. It can lead to workplace dysfunction
and diminish their own job satisfaction. I’m not referring to employees who are
legitimately dissatisfied with their employment conditions due to, say, being denied
fair pay or flexible work practices. I’m talking about those who consistently believe
they deserve special treatment and generous rewards. It’s an expectation that exists
irrespective of their abilities or levels of performance.
As a result of that discrepancy between the privileges they feel they’re owed and
their inflated sense of self-worth, they don’t work as hard for their employer. They
prefer instead to slack off. It’s a tendency which many scholars believe begins in
childhood due to parents who overindulge their kids. This thereby leads them to
expect the same kind of spoilt treatment throughout their adult lives. And yet despite
how these employees feel, it’s obviously important for their manager to nonetheless
find out how to keep them motivated. And, by virtue of that heightened motivation, to
perform well.
The research team from several American universities surveyed more than 240
individuals. They sampled managers as well as team members. Employee entitlement
was measured by statements such as “I honestly feel I’m just more deserving than
others”. The respondents had to rate the extent of their agreement. Employee
engagement, meanwhile, was assessed with statements like “I really throw myself into
my work.” The findings revealed ethical leadership is precisely what alleviates the
negative effects of employee entitlement. That’s because rather than indulging
employees or neglecting them, ethical leaders communicate very direct and clear
expectations. They also hold employees accountable for their behaviors and are
genuinely committed to doing the right thing. Additionally, these leaders are
consistent in their standards. They’re also less likely to deviate in how they treat
employees.
This means, when confronted by an entitled team member, an ethical leader is
significantly disinclined to accommodate their demands. He or she will instead point
out, conduct of politics, religion, business, and culture. It reduced many aspects of
modern life to entertainment, sensationalism, and commerce. “Americans don’t talk to
each other, we entertain each other,” Postman wrote. “They don’t exchange ideas,
they exchange images. They do not argue with propositions, they argue with good
looks, celebrities and commercials.”
At first, the web seemed to push against this rend. When it emerged towards the

----- PAGE 7 -----
7
end of the 1980s as a purely text-based, it was seen as a tool to pursue knowledge, not
pleasure. Reason and thought were most valued in this garden—all derived from the
project of the Enlightenment. Universities around the world were among the first to
connect to this new medium, which hosted discussion groups, informative personal or
group blogs, electronic magazines, and academic mailing lists and forums. It was an
intellectual project, not about commerce or control, created in a scientific research
center in Switzerland. And for more than a decade, the web created an alternative
space that threatened television’s grip on society.
Social networks, though, have since colonized the web for television’s values.
From Facebook to Instagram, the medium refocuses our attention on videos and
images, rewarding emotional appeals—‘like’ buttons—over rational ones. Instead of a
quest for knowledge, it engages us in an endless zest (热情) for instant approval from
an audience, for which we are constantly but unconsciously performing. (It’s telling
that, while Google began life as a PhD thesis, Facebook started as a tool to judge
classmates’ appearances.) It reduces our curiosity by showing us exactly what we
already want and think, based on our profiles and preferences. The Enlightenment’s
motto (座右铭) of ‘Dare to know’ has become ‘Dare not to care to know’.
46. What did Neil Postman say about the rise of television?
A) It initiated a change from dominance of reason to supremacy of pleasure.
B) It brought about a gradual shift from cinema going 1o home entertainment.
C) It started a revolution in photographic technology.
D) It marked a new age in the entertainment industry.
47. According to the passage, what is the advantage of text reading?
A) It gives one aces to huge amounts of information.
B) It allows more information to be processed quickly.
C) It is capable of enriching one’s life.
D) It is conducive to critical thinking.
48. How has television impacted Americans?
A) It has given them a lot more to argue about.
B) It has brought celebrities closer to their lives.
C) It has made them care more about what they say.
D) It has rendered their interactions more superficial.
Part Ⅳ
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from
Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
延安位于陕西省北部，地处黄河中游，是中国革命的圣地。毛泽东等老一辈
革命家曾在这里生活战斗了十三个春秋，领导了抗日战争和解放战争，培育了延
安精神，为中国革命做出了巨大贡献。延安的革命旧址全国数量最大、分布最广、

----- PAGE 8 -----
8
级别最高。延安是全国爱国主义、革命传统和延安精神教育基地。延安有9 个革
命纪念馆，珍藏着中共中央和老一辈革命家在延安时期留存下来的大量重要物品，
因此享有“中国革命博物馆城”的美誉。
