
----- PAGE 1 -----
2024 年06 月大学英语六级考试真题（第1 套） 
Part I                            Writing                        (30 minutes)  
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the 
sentence “There is a growing awareness of the importance of digital literacy and skills in 
today’s world.” You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to 
develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words. 
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay. 
PartⅡ 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes) 
Section A 
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each 
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be 
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four 
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with 
a single line through the centre. 
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard. 
1. A) Reply to the man’s last proposal within a short time.
B) Sign the agreement if one small change is made to it.
C) Make a sponsorship deal for her client at the meeting.
D) Give the man some good news regarding the contract.
2. A) They are becoming impatient.
C) They are used to making alterations.
B) They are afraid time is running out.
D) They are concerned about the details.
3. A) To prevent geographical discrimination.
C) To avoid any conflict of interest.
B) To tap the food and beverage market.
D) To reduce unfair competition.
4. A) It is a potential market for food and beverage.
C) It is a negligible market for his company.
B) It is very attractive for real estate developers.
D) It is very different from other markets.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard. 
5. A) They are thrilled by a rare astronomic phenomenon.
B) They are celebrating a big event on mountain tops.
C) They are enthusiastic about big science-related stories.
D) They are joined by astronomers all across North America. 
6. A) It will be the most formidable of its kind in over a century.
B) It will come closest to Earth in more than one hundred years.
C) It will eclipse many other such events in human history.
D) It will be seen most clearly from Denver’s mountain tops.
7.  A) A blur. 
C) The edge of our galaxy.
B)  Stars. 
D) An ordinary flying object.

----- PAGE 2 -----
 
8. A) Use professional equipment.         C) Fix their eyes due north. 
  B) Climb to the nearby heights.         D) Make use of phone apps. 
 
Section B 
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three 
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, 
you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A)，B)，C) and D). Then mark the 
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre. 
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard. 
9. A) Whether consumers should be warned against ultra-processed foods. 
  B) Whether there is sufficient scientific consensus on dietary guidelines. 
  C) Whether guidelines can form the basis for nutrition advice to consumers. 
  D) Whether food scientists will agree on the concept of ultra-processed foods. 
10. A) By the labor cost for the final products.    C) By the extent of chemical alteration.  
   B) By the degree of industrial processing.     D) By the convention of classification. 
11. A) Increased consumers’ expenses.          C) People’s misunderstanding of nutrition.  
   B) Greater risk of chronic diseases.          D) Children’s dislike for unprocessed foods. 
 
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard. 
12. A) They begin to think of the benefits of constraints. 
B) They try to seek solutions from creative people. 
C) They try hard to maximize their mental energy. 
D) They begin to see the world in a different way. 
13. A) It is characteristic of all creative people. 
B) It is essential to pushing society forward. 
C) It is a creative person’s response to limitation. 
D) It is an impetus to socio-economic development. 
14. A) Scarcity or abundance of resources has little impact on people’s creativity. 
B) Innovative people are not constrained in connecting unrelated concepts. 
C) People have no incentive to use available resources in new ways. 
D) Creative people tend to consume more available resources. 
15. A) It is key to a company’s survival. 
B) It shapes and focuses problems. 
C) It is essential to meeting challenges. 
D) It thrives best when constrained. 
 
Section C 
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four 
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best 
answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer 
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre. 
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard. 
16. A) Because they are learned.      C) Because they have to be properly personalized. 
   B) Because they come naturally.   D) Because there can be more effective strategies. 

----- PAGE 3 -----
 
17. A) The extent of difference and of similarity between the two sides. 
   B) The knowledge of the specific expectation the other side holds. 
   C) The importance of one’s goals and of the relationship. 
   D) The approaches one adopts to conflict management. 
18. A) The fox.   C) The shark. 
   B) The owl.   D) The turtle. 
 
 
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard. 
19. A) Help save species from extinction and boost human health. 
   B) Understand how plants and animals perished over the past. 
   C) Help gather information publicly available to researchers. 
   D) Find out the cause of extinction of Britain’s 66,000 species. 
20. A) It was once dominated by dinosaurs.    C) Its prospects depend on future human behaviour.  
   B) It has entered the sixth mass extinction.  D) Its climate change is aggravated by humans. 
21. A) It dwarfs all other efforts to conserve, protect and restore biodiversity on earth. 
   B) It is costly to get started and requires the joint efforts of thousands of scientists. 
   C) It can help to bring back the large numbers of plants and animals that have gone extinct. 
   D) It is the most exciting, most relevant, most timely and most internationally inspirational. 
 
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard. 
22. A) Cultural identity.    C) The Copernican revolution.  
   B) Social evolution.    D) Human individuality. 
23. A) It is a delusion to be disposed of.     C) It is a myth spread by John Donne’s poem. 
   B) It is prevalent even among academics.  D) It is rooted in the mindset of the 17th century. 
24. A) He believes in Copernican philosophical doctrines about the universe. 
   B) He has gained ample scientific evidence at the University of Reading. 
   C) He has found that our inner self and material self are interconnected. 
   D) He contends most of our body cells can only live a few days or weeks. 
25. A) By coming to see how disruptive such problems have got to be. 
   B) By realising that we all can do our own bit in such endeavours. 
   C) By becoming aware that we are part of a bigger world. 
   D) By making joint efforts resolutely and persistently. 
 
Part III                   Reading Comprehension                  (40 minutes) 
Section A 
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one 
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read 
the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified 
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single 
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once. 
 
It’s quite remarkable how different genres of music can spark unique feelings, emotions, 
and memories. Studies have shown that music can reduce stress and anxiety before surgeries 
and we are all attracted toward our own unique life soundtrack. 

----- PAGE 4 -----
 
If you’re looking to   26   stress, you might want to give classical music a try.  
The sounds of classical music produce a calming effect letting   27   pleasure-inducing 
dopamine (多巴胺) in the brain that helps control attention, learning and emotional responses. 
It can also turn down the body’s stress response, resulting in an overall happier mood. It turns 
out a pleasant mood can lead to   28   in a person’s thinking.  
Although there are many great   29   of classical music like Bach, Beethoven and 
Handel, none of these artists’ music seems to have the same health effects as Mozart’s does. 
According to researchers, listening to Mozart can increase brain wave activity and improve   
30   function. Another study found that the distinctive features of Mozart’s music trigger parts 
of the brain that are responsible for high-level mental functions. Even maternity   31   use 
Mozart to help newborn babies adapt to life outside of the mother’s belly.  
It has been found that listening to classical music   32   reduces a person’s blood 
pressure. Researchers believe that the calming sounds of classical music may help your heart    
33   from stress. Classical music can also be a great tool to help people who have trouble 
sleeping. One study found that students who had trouble sleeping slept better while they were 
listening to classical music.  
Whether classical music is something that you listen to on a regular basis or not, it 
wouldn’t   34   to take time out of your day to listen to music that you find   35   . You 
will be surprised at how good it makes you feel and the potentially positive change in your 
health. 
 
 
Section B 
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each 
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the 
information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a 
letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.  
 
The Curious Case of the Tree That Owns Itself 
A) In the city of Athens, Georgia, there exists a rather curious local landmark—a large white 
oak that is almost universally stated to own itself. Because of this, it is considered one of 
the most famous trees in the world. So how did this tree come to own itself and the land 
around it?  
B) Sometime in the 19th century a Georgian called Colonel William Jackson reportedly took 
a liking to the said tree and endeavored to protect it from any danger. As to why he loved it 
A) alleviate                 F) inhibiting                  K) mandatory 
B) clarity                   G) interrogation               L) recover 
C) cognitive                 H) intrinsically               M) significantly 
D) composers                I) loose                     N) soothing 
E) hurt                      J) majestic                  O) wards 

----- PAGE 5 -----
 
so, the earliest documented account of this story is an anonymously written front page 
article in the Athens Weekly Banner published on August 12, 1890. It states, “Col. Jackson 
had watched the tree grow from his childhood, and grew to love it almost as he would a 
human. Its luxuriant leaves and sturdy limbs had often protected him from the heavy rains, 
and out of its highest branches he had many a time gotten the eggs of the feathered singers. 
He watched its growth, and when reaching a ripe old age he saw the tree standing in its 
magnificent proportions, he was pained to think that after his death it would fall into the 
hands of those who might destroy it.”  
C) Towards this end, Jackson transferred by means of a deed ownership of the tree and a little 
land around it to the tree itself. The deed read, “W. H. Jackson for and in consideration of 
the great affection which he bears the said tree, and his great desire to see it protected has 
conveyed unto the said oak tree entire possession of itself and of all land within eight feet 
of it on all sides.”  
D) In time, the tree came to be something of a tourist attraction, known as The Tree That Owns 
Itself. However, in the early 20th century, the tree started showing signs of its slow death, 
with little that could be done about it. Father time comes for us all eventually, even our 
often long lived, tall and leafy fellow custodians (看管者) of Earth. Finally, on October 9, 
1942, the over 30 meter tall and 200-400 year old tree fell, rumor has it, as a result of a 
severe windstorm and/or via having previously died and its roots rotted.  
E) About four years later, members of the Junior Ladies Garden Club (who’d tended to the 
tree before its unfortunate death) tracked down a small tree grown from a nut taken from 
the original tree. And so it was that on October 9, 1946, under the direction of Professor 
Roy Bowden of the College of Agriculture at the University of Georgia, this little tree was 
transplanted to the location of its ancestor. A couple of months later, an official ceremony 
was held featuring none other than the Mayor of Athens, Robert L McWhorter, to 
commemorate the occasion.  
F) This new tree became known as The Son of the Tree That Owns Itself and it was assumed 
that, as the original tree’s heir, it naturally inherited the land it stood on. Of course, there 
are many dozens of other trees known to exist descending from the original, as people 
taking a nut from it to grow elsewhere was a certainty. That said, to date, none of the original 
tree’s other children have petitioned the courts for their share of the land, so it seems all 
good. In any event, The Son of the Tree That Owns Itself still stands today, though often 
referred to simply as The Tree That Owns Itself.  
G) This all brings us around to whether Jackson ever actually gave legal ownership of the tree 
to itself in the first place and whether such a deed is legally binding.  
H) Well, to begin with, it turns out Jackson only spent about three years of his life in Athens, 
starting at the age of 43 from 1829 to 1832, sort of dismissing the idea that he loved the 
tree from spending time under it as a child and watching it grow, and then worrying about 
what would happen to it after he died. Further, an extensive search of land ownership 
records in Athens does not seem to indicate Jackson ever owned the land the tree sits on.  
I) He did live on a lot of land directly next to it for those three years, but whether he owned 
that land or not isn’t clear. Whatever the case, in 1832 a four acre parcel, which included 
the land the tree was on and the neighboring land Jackson lived on, among others, was sold 
to University professor Malthus A Ward. In the transaction, Ward was required to pay 

----- PAGE 6 -----
 
Jackson a sum of $1,200 (about $31,000 today), either for the property itself or simply in 
compensation for improvements Jackson had made on the lot. In the end, whether he ever 
owned the neighboring lot or was simply allowed to use it while he allegedly worked at the 
University, he definitely never owned the lot the tree grew on, which is the most important 
bit for the topic at hand.  
J) After Professor Ward purchased the land, Jackson and his family purchased a 655 acre 
parcel a few miles away and moved there. Ten years later, in 1844, Jackson seemed to have 
come into financial difficulties and had his little plantation seized by the Clarke County 
Sheriff’s office and auctioned off to settle the mortgage. Thus, had he owned some land in 
Athens itself, including the land the tree sat on, presumably he would have sold it to raise 
funds or otherwise had it taken as well.  
K) And whatever the case there, Jackson would have known property taxes needed to be paid 
on the deeded land for the tree to be truly secure in its future. Yet no account or record 
indicates any trust or the like was set up to facilitate this.  
L) On top of all this, there is no hard evidence such a deed ever existed, despite the fact that 
deed records in Athens go back many decades before Jackson’s death in 1876 and that it 
was supposed to have existed in 1890 in the archives according to the original anonymous 
news reporter who claims to have seen it. 
M) As you might imagine from all of this, few give credit to this side of the story. So how did 
all of this come about then?  
N) It is speculated to have been invented by the imagination of the said anonymous author at 
the Athens Weekly Banner in the aforementioned 1890 front page article titled “Deeded to 
Itself”, which by the way contained several elements that are much more easily proved to 
be false. As to why the author would do this, it’s speculated perhaps it was a 19th century 
version of a click-bait thought exercise on whether it would be legal for someone to deed 
such a non-conscious living thing to itself or not.  
O) Whatever the case, the next known instance of the Tree That Owns Itself being mentioned 
wasn’t until 1901 in the Centennial Edition of that same paper, the Athens Weekly Banner. 
This featured another account very clearly just copying the original article published about 
a decade before, only slightly reworded. The next account was in 1906, again in the Athens 
Weekly Banner, again very clearly copying the original account, only slightly reworded, 
the 19th century equivalent of re-posts when the audience has forgotten about the original.  
 
36. Jackson was said to have transferred his ownership of the oak tree to itself in order to protect 
it from being destroyed.  
37. No proof has been found from an extensive search that Jackson had ever owned the land 
where the oak tree grew.  
38. When it was raining heavily, Jackson often took shelter under a big tree that is said to own 
itself.  
39. There is no evidence that Jackson had made arrangements to pay property taxes for the land 
on which the oak tree sat.  
40. Professor Ward paid Jackson over one thousand dollars when purchasing a piece of land 
from him.  
41. It is said the tree that owned itself fell in a heavy windstorm.  

----- PAGE 7 -----
 
42. The story of the oak tree is suspected to have been invented as a thought exercise.  
43. Jackson’s little plantation was auctioned off to settle his debt in the mid-19th century.  
44. An official ceremony was held to celebrate the transplanting of a small tree to where its 
ancestor had stood.  
45. The story of the Tree That Owns Itself appeared in the local paper several times, with slight 
alterations in wording. 
 
Section C 
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or 
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should 
decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through 
the centre. 
Passage One 
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage. 
It is irrefutable that employees know the difference between right and wrong. So why don’t 
more employees intervene when they see someone exhibiting at-risk behavior in the workplace? 
There are a number of factors that influence whether people intervene. First, they need to 
be able to see a risky situation beginning to unfold. Second, the company’s culture needs to 
make them feel safe to speak up. And third, they need to have the communication skills to say 
something effectively. 
This is not strictly a workplace problem; it’s a growing problem off the job too. Every day 
people witness things on the street and choose to stand idly by. This is known as the bystander 
effect—the more people who witness an event, the less likely anyone in that group is to help 
the victim. The psychology behind this is called diffusion of responsibility. Basically, the larger 
the crowd, the more people assume that someone else will take care of it—meaning no one 
effectively intervenes or acts in a moment of need. 
This crowd mentality is strong enough for people to evade their known responsibilities. 
But it’s not only frontline workers who don’t make safety interventions in the workplace. There 
are also instances where supervisors do not intervene either. 
When a group of employees sees unsafe behavior not being addressed at a leadership level 
it creates the precedent that this is how these situations should be addressed, thus defining the 
safety culture for everyone. 
Despite the fact that workers are encouraged to intervene when they observe unsafe 
operations, this happens less than half of the time. Fear is the ultimate factor in not intervening. 
There is a fear of penalty, a fear that they’ll have to do more work if they intervene. 
Unsuccessful attempts in the past are another strong contributing factor to why people don’t 
intervene—they tend to prefer to defer that action to someone else for all future situations. 
On many worksites, competent workers must be appointed. Part of their job is to intervene 
when workers perform a task without the proper equipment or if the conditions are unsafe. 
Competent workers are also required to stop work from continuing when there’s a danger. 
Supervisors also play a critical role. Even if a competent person isn’t required, supervisors 
need a broad set of skills to not only identify and alleviate workplace hazards but also build a 
safety climate within their team that supports intervening and open communication among them. 

----- PAGE 8 -----
 
Beyond competent workers and supervisors, it’s important to educate everyone within the 
organization that they are obliged to intervene if they witness a possible unsafe act, whether 
you’re a designated competent person, a supervisor or a frontline worker. 
 
46. What is one of the factors contributing to failure of intervention in face of risky behavior 
in the workplace? 
 A) Slack supervision style.       C) Unforeseeable risk.  
 B) Unfavorable workplace culture. D) Blocked communication. 
47. What does the author mean by “diffusion of responsibility” (Line 4, Para. 3)? 
 A) The more people are around, the more they need to worry about their personal safety. 
 B) The more people who witness an event, the less likely anyone will venture to participate. 
 C) The more people idling around on the street, the more likely they need taking care of. 
 D) The more people are around, the less chance someone will step forward to intervene. 
48. What happens when unsafe behavior at the workplace is not addressed by the leaders? 
 A) No one will intervene when they see similar behaviors. 
 B) Everyone will see it as the easiest way to deal with crisis. 
 C) Workers have to take extra caution executing their duties. 
 D) Workers are left to take care of the emergency themselves. 
49. What is the ultimate reason workers won’t act when they see unsafe operations? 
 A) Preference of deferring the action to others.   C) Fear of being isolated by coworkers. 
 B) Anticipation of leadership intervention.       D) Fear of having to do more work. 
50. What is critical to ensuring workplace safety? 
 A) Workers be trained to operate their equipment properly. 
 B) Workers exhibiting at-risk behavior be strictly disciplined.  
 C) Supervisors create a safety environment for timely intervention. 
 D) Supervisors conduct effective communication with frontline workers. 
Passage Two 
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage. 
The term “environmentalist” can mean different things. It used to refer to people trying to 
protect wildlife and natural ecosystems. In the 21st century, the term has evolved to capture the 
need to combat human-made climate change. 
The distinction between these two strands of environmentalism is the cause of a split 
within the scientific community about nuclear energy. 
On one side are purists who believe nuclear power isn’t worth the risk and the exclusive 
solution to the climate crisis is renewable energy. The opposing side agrees that renewables are 
crucial, but says society needs an amount of power available to meet consumers’ basic demands 
when the sun isn’t shining and the wind isn’t blowing. Nuclear energy, being far cleaner than 
oil, gas and coal, is a natural option, especially where hydroelectric capacity is limited. 
Leon Clarke, who helped author reports for the UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 
Change, isn’t an uncritical supporter of nuclear energy, but says it’s a valuable option to have 
if we’re serious about reaching carbon neutrality. 

----- PAGE 9 -----
 
“Core to all of this is the degree to which you think we can actually meet climate goals 
with 100% renewables,” he said. “If you don’t believe we can do it, and you care about the 
climate, you are forced to think about something like nuclear.” 
The achievability of universal 100% renewability is similarly contentious. Cities such as 
Burlington, Vermont, have been “100% renewable” for years. But these cities often have small 
populations, occasionally still rely on fossil fuel energy and have significant renewable 
resources at their immediate disposal. Meanwhile, countries that manage to run off renewables 
typically do so thanks to extraordinary hydroelectric capabilities. 
Germany stands as the best case study for a large, industrialized country pushing into green 
energy. Chancellor Angela Merkel in 2011 announced Energiewende, an energy transition that 
would phase out nuclear and coal while phasing in renewables. Wind and solar power 
generation has increased over 400% since 2010, and renewables provided 46% of the country’s 
electricity in 2019. 
But progress has halted in recent years. The instability of renewables doesn’t just mean 
energy is often not produced at night, but also that solar and wind can overwhelm the grid 
during the day, forcing utilities to pay customers to use their electricity. Lagging grid 
infrastructure struggles to transport this overabundance of green energy from Germany’s north 
to its industrial south, meaning many factories still run on coal and gas. The political limit has 
also been reached in some places, with citizens meeting the construction of new wind turbines 
with loud protests. 
The result is that Germany’s greenhouse gas emissions have fallen by around 11.5% since 
2010—slower than the EU average of 13.5%. 
 
51. What accounts for the divide within the scientific community about nuclear energy? 
  A) Attention to combating human-made climate change. 
  B) Emphasis on protecting wildlife and natural ecosystems.  
  C) Evolution of the term ‘green energy’ over the last century.  
  D) Adherence to different interpretations of environmentalism. 
52. What is the solution to energy shortage proposed by purists’ opponents? 
  A) Relying on renewables firmly and exclusively.  
B) Using fossil fuel and green energy alternately.  
C) Opting for nuclear energy when necessary.  
D) Limiting people’s non-basic consumption. 
53. What point does the author want to make with cities like Burlington as an example? 
  A) It is controversial whether the goal of the whole world’s exclusive dependence on 
renewables is attainable. 
  B) It is contentious whether cities with large populations have renewable resources at their 
immediate disposal. 
C) It is arguable whether cities that manage to run off renewables have sustainable 
hydroelectric capabilities.  
D) It is debatable whether traditional fossil fuel energy can be done away with entirely 
throughout the world.  
54. What do we learn about Germany regarding renewable energy?  
A) It has increased its wind and solar power generation four times over the last two decades.  

----- PAGE 10 -----
 
B) It represents a good example of a major industrialized country promoting green energy.  
C) It relies on renewable energy to generate more than half of its electricity.  
D) It has succeeded in reaching the goal of energy transition set by Merkel.  
55. What may be one of the reasons for Germany’s progress having halted in recent years?  
A) Its grid infrastructure’s capacity has fallen behind its development of green energy.  
B) Its overabundance of green energy has forced power plants to suspend operation during 
daytime.  
C) Its industrial south is used to running factories on conventional energy supplies.  
D) Its renewable energy supplies are unstable both at night and during the day. 
Part IV                    Translation                     (30 minutes) 
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese 
into English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2. 
 
中国的传统婚礼习俗历史悠久，从周朝开始就逐渐形成了一套完整的婚礼仪式，有些一
直沿用至今。如今的中式婚礼习俗已有很大变化，但婚礼庆典仍然十分隆重。婚礼场地经过
精心装饰，以象征喜庆（jubilance）的红色为主色调，摆放着许多祝愿新人幸福的物件。在
婚礼上，新人要拜天地（bow to Heaven and Earth），拜父母和相互对拜，然后设宴招待宾
客，并向宾客敬酒致谢。今天，许多年轻人依然钟情于传统的中式婚礼，体验独特而美好的
中国式浪漫。 
