
----- PAGE 1 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2019年6 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 2 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) A six-month-long negotiation.
B) Preparations for the party.
C) A project with a troublesome client.
D) Gift wrapping fbr the colleagues.
2. A) Take wedding photos.
B) Advertise her company.
3. A) Hesitant.
B) Nervous.
4. A) Start her own bakery.
B) Improve her baking skill.
C) Start a small business.
D) Throw a celebration party.
C) Flattered.
D) Surprised.
C) Share her cooking experience.
D) Prepare for the wedding.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They have to spend more time studying.
B) They have to participate in club activities.
C) They have to be more responsible fbr what they do.
D) They have to choose a specific academic discipline.
6. A) Get ready for a career. 
C) Set a long-term goal.
B) Make a lot of friends. 
D) Behave Hke adults.
7. A) Those who share her academic interests.
B) Those who respect her student commitments.
C) Those who can help her when she is in need.
D) Those who go to the same clubs as she does.
8. A) Those helpful fbr tapping their potential.
B) Those conducive to improving their social skills.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 3 -----
C) Those helpful for cultivating individual interests.
D) Those conducive to their academic studies.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) ,B) , C)
and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They break away from traditional ways of thinking.
B) They are prepared to work harder than anyone else.
C) They are good at refining old fbmiulas.
D) They bring their potential into full play.
10. A) They contributed to the popularity of skiing worldwide.
B) They resulted in a brand-new style of skiing technique.
C) They promoted the scientific use of skiing poles.
D) They made explosive news in the sports world.
11. A) He was recognized as a genius in the world of sports.
B) He competed in all major skiing events in the world.
C) He won three gold medals in one Winter Olympics.
D) He broke three world skiing records in three years.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) They appear restless. 
C) They become upset.
B) They lose consciousness. 
D) They die almost instantly.
13. A) It has an instant effect on your body chemistry.
B) It keeps returning to you every now and then.
C) It leaves you with a long lasting impression.
D) It contributes to the shaping of your mind.
14. A) To succeed while feeling irritated.
B) To feel happy without good health.
C) To be free from frustration and failure.
6 ・ 2

----- PAGE 4 -----
D) To enjoy good health while in dark moods.
15. A) They are closely connected.
B) They function in a similar way.
C) They are too complex to understand.
D) They reinforce each other constantly.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked 4 ) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They differ m their appreciation of music.
B) They focus their attention on different things.
C) They finger the piano keys in different ways.
D) They choose different pieces of music to play.
17. A) They manage to cooperate well with their teammates.
B) They use effective tactics to defeat their competitors.
C) They try hard to meet the spectators5 expectations.
D) They attach great importance to high performance.
18. A) It marks a breakthrough in behavioral science.
B) It adopts a conventional approach to research.
C) It supports a piece of conventional wisdom.
D) It gives rise to controversy among experts
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording
19. A) People's envy of slim models.
B) People's craze for good health.
C) The increasing range of fancy products.
D) The great variety of slimming products.
20. A) They appear vigorous.
B) They appear strange.
21. A) Culture and upbringing.
B) Wealth and social status.
you have just heard.
C) They look charming.
D) They look unhealthy.
C) Peer pressure.
D) Media influence.
6 , 3

----- PAGE 5 -----
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) The relation between hair and skin.
B) The growing interest in skin studies.
C) The color of human skin.
D) The need of skin protection.
23. A) The necessity to save energy.
B) Adaptation to the hot environment.
C) The need to breathe with ease.
D) Dramatic climate changes on earth.
24. A) Leaves and grass.
B) Man-made shelter.
C) Their skin coloring.
D) Hair on their skin.
25. A) Their genetic makeup began to change.
B) Their communities began to grow steadily.
C) Their children began to mix with each other.
D) Their pace of evolution began to quicken.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten, blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er S heet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than
once.
Pasta is no longer off the menu, after a new review of studies suggested that the carbohydrate
can form part of a healthy diet, and even help people lose weight. For years, nutritionists have
recommended that pasta be kept to a 
26 
, to cut calories, prevent fat build-up and stop blood
sugar 
27 
up.
The low-carbohydrate food movement gave birth to such diets as the Atkins, Paleo and Keto,
which advised swapping foods like bread, pasta and potatoes for vegetables, fish and meat. More
recently the trend of swapping spaghetti fbr vegetables has been 
28 
by clean-eating experts.
But now a 
29 
review and analysis of 30 studies by Canadian researchers found that not
only does pasta not cause weight gain, but three meals a week can help people drop more than half a
kilogram over four months. The reviewers found that pasta had been unfairly demonized (妖魔 d匕)
because it had been 
30 
in with other, more fat-promoting carbohydrates.
“The study found that pasta didn't 
31 
to weight gain or increase in body fat,n said lead
author Dr John Sievenpiper. "In 
32 
the evidence, we can now say with some confidence that
6 , 4

----- PAGE 6 -----
pasta does not have an 
33 
effect on body weight outcomes when it is consumed as part of a
healthy dietary pattern.In fact, analysis actually showed a small weight loss 
34 
to concerns.
Perhaps pasta can be part of a healthy diet.
Those involved in the 
35 
trials on average ate 3.3 servings of pasta a week instead of other
carbohydrates, one serving equaling around half a cup. They lost around half a kilogram over an
average follow-up of 12 weeks.
A) adverse
I) minimum
B) championed
J) radiating
C) clinical
K) ration
D) contrary
L) shooting
E) contribute
M) subscribe
F) intimate
N) systematic
G) lumped
H) magnified
0) weighing
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2 .
The Best Retailers Combine Bricks and Clicks
[A] Retail profits are falling sharply. Stores are closing. Malls are emptying. The depressing stories
just keep coming. Reading the earnings announcements of large retail stores like Macy's,
Nordstrom, and Target is about as uplifting as a tour of an intensive care unit. The Internet is
apparently taking down yet another industry. Brick and mortar stores (实体店)seem to be going
the way of the yellow pages. Sure enough, the Census Bureau just released data showing that
online retail sales surged 15.2 percent between the first quarter of 2015 and the first quarter
of 2016.
[B] But before you dump all of your retail stocks, there are more facts you should consider. Looking
only at that 15.2 percent “ surge“ would be misleading. It was an increase that was on a small
base of 6.9 percent. Even when a tiny number grows by a large percentage terms, it is often still
tiny.
6 ・ 5

----- PAGE 7 -----
[C] More than 20 years after the Internet was opened to commerce, the Census Bureau tells us that
brick and mortar sales accounted fbr 92.3 percent of retail sales in the first quarter of 2016. Their
data show that only 0.8 percent of retail sales shifted from offline to online between the beginning
of 2015 and 2016.
[D] So, despite all the talk about dnme（无人机）deliveries to your doorstep, all the retail executives
expressing anxiety over consumers going online, and even a Presidential candidate exclaiming
that Amazon has a u huge antitrust problem,v the Census data suggest that physical retail is
thriving. Of course, the closed stores, depressed executives, and sinking stocks suggest otherwise.
Whafs the real story?
[E] Many firms operating brick and mortar stores are in trouble. The retail industry is getting
reinvented, as we describe in our new book Matchmakers. Ifs standing in the path of what
Schumpeter called a ga/e（大风）of creative destruction. That storm has been brewing fbr some
time, and as it has reached gale force, most large retailers are searching fbr a response. As the
CFO of Macy's put it recently, "We're frankly scratching our heads.”
[F] But it's not happening as experts predicted. In the peak of the 
 bubble, brick-and-mortar
retail was one of those industries the Internet was going to kill- and quickly. The 
 bust
discredited most predictions of that sort. And in the years that followed, conventional retailers'
confidence in the future increased as Census continued to report weak online sales. And then the
gale hit.
dot.com
dot.com
[G] It is becoming increasingly clear that retail reinvention isn't a simple battle to the death between
bricks and clicks. It is about devising retail models that work for people who are making
increasing use of a growing array of Internet-connected tools to change how they search, shop,
and buy. Creative retailers are using the new technologies to innovate just about everything stores
do from managing inventory, to marketing, to getting paid.
[H] More than drones dropping a new supply of underwear on your doorstep, Apple's massively
successful brick-and-mortar-and-glass retail stores and Amazon's small steps in the same direction
are what should keep old-fashioned retailers awake at night. Not to mention the large number of
creative new retailers, like Bonobos, that are blending online and offline experiences in creative
ways.
[I] Retail reinvention is not a simple process, and ifs also not happening on what used to be called
u Internet Time.^^ Some Internet-driven changes have happened quickly, of course. Craigslist
quickly overtook newspaper classified ads and turned newspaper economics upside down. But
many widely anticipated changes weren't quick, and some haven't really started. With the benefit
of hindsight （后见之明）,it looks like the Internet will transform the economy at something like
6 , 6

----- PAGE 8 -----
the pace of other great inventions like electricity. B2B commerce, for example, didn't move
mainly online by 2005 as many had predicted in 2000, nor even by 2016, but that doesn't mean it
won't do so over the next few decades.
[J] But the gale is still blowing. The sudden decline in foot traffic in recent years, even though it
hasn't been accompanied by a massive decline in physical sales, is a critical warning. People can
shop more efficiently online and therefore don't need to go to as many stores to find what they
want. There's a surplus of physical shopping space for the crowds, which is one reason why
stores are downsizing and closing.
[K] The rise of the mobile phone has recently added a new level of complexity to the process of retail
reinvention. Even five years ago most people faced a choice. Sit at your computer, probably at
home or at the office, search and browse, and buy. Or head out to the mall, or Main Street, look
and shop, and buy. Now, just about everyone has a smartphone, connected to the Internet almost
everywhere almost all the time. Even when a retailer gets a customer to walk in the store, she can
easily see if there's a better deal online or at another store nearby.
[L] So far, the main thing many large retailers have done in response to all this is to open online
stores, so people will come to them directly rather than to Amazon and its smaller online rivals.
Many are having the same problem that newspapers have had. Even if they get online traffic, they
struggle to make enough money online to compensate for what they are losing offline.
[M] A few seem to be making this work. Among large traditional retailers,Walmart recently reported
the best results, leading its stock price to surge, while Macy's, Target, and Nordstrom's dropped.
Yet Walmart5s year-over-year online sales only grew 7 percent, leading its CEO to lament （哀叹）,
u Growth here is too slow." Part of the problem is that almost two decades after Amazon filed the
one-click patent, the online retail shopping and buying experience is filled with frictions. A recent
study graded more than 600 Internet retailers on how easy it was fbr consumers to shop, buy, and
pay. Almost half of the sites didn't get a passing grade and only 18 percent got an A or B.
[N] The turmoil on the ground in physical retail is hard to square with the Census data. Unfortunately,
part of the explanation is that the Census retail data are unreliable. Our deep look into those data
and their preparation revealed serious problems. It seems likely that Census simply misclassifies a
large chunk of online sales. It is certain that the Census procedures, which lump the online sales
of major traditional retailers like Walmart in with u non-store retailers" like food trucks, can mask
major changes in individual retail categories. The bureau could easily present their data in more
useful ways, but they have chosen not to.
[O] Despite the turmoil, brick and mortar won't disappear any time soon. The big questions are
which, if any, of the large traditional retailers will still be on the scene in a decade or two because
6 ・ 7

----- PAGE 9 -----
they have successfully reinvented themselves, which new players will operate busy stores on
Main Streets and maybe even in shopping malls, and how the shopping and buying experience
will have changed in each retail category. Investors shouldn't write off brick and mortar. Whether
they should bet on the traditional players who run those stores now is another matter.
36. Although online retailing has existed for some twenty years, nearly half of the Internet retailers
still fail to receive satisfactory feedback from consumers, according to a recent survey.
37. Innovative retailers integrate Internet technologies with conventional retailing to create new retail
models.
38. Despite what the Census data suggest, the value of physical retaiFs stocks has been dropping.
39. Internet-driven changes in the retail industry didn't take place as quickly as widely anticipated.
40. Statistics indicate that brick and mortar sales still made up the lion's share of the retail business.
41. Companies that successfully combine online and offline business models may prove to be a big
concern fbr traditional retailers.
42. Brick and mortar retailers5 faith in their business was strengthened when the dot.com bubble burst.
43. Despite the tremendous challenges from online retailing, traditional retailing will be here to stay
fbr quite some time.
44. With the rise of online commerce, physical retail stores are likely to suffer the same fate as the
yellow pages.
45. The wide use of smartphones has made it more complex fbr traditional retailers to reinvent their
business.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked 4) , B) , C) and
D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
6 ・
 8

----- PAGE 10 -----
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Professor Stephen Hawking has warned that the creation of powerful artificial intelligence (AI)
will be either the best, or the worst thing, ever to happen to humanity^^, and praised the creation of
an academic institute dedicated to researching the future of intelligence as “ crucial to the future of our
civilisation and our species
Hawking was speaking at the opening of the Leverhulme Centre fbr the Future of Intelligence
(LCFI) at Cambridge University, a multi-disciplinary institute that will attempt to tackle some of the
open-ended questions raised by the rapid pace of development in Al research. u We spend a great deal
of time studying history/ Hawking said, 44 which, lefs face it, is mostly the history of stupidity. So ifs
a welcome change that people are studying instead the future of intelligence.n
While the world-renowned physicist has often been cautious about AI, raising concerns that
humanity could be the architect of its own destruction if it creates a super-intelligence with a will of
its own, he was also quick to highlight the positives that AI research can bring. " The potential
benefits of creating intelligence are huge/' he said. u We cannot predict what we might achieve when
our own minds are amplified by AI. Perhaps with the tools of this new technological revolution, we
will be able to undo some of the damage done to the natural world by the last one- industrialisation.
And surely we will aim to finally eradicate disease and poverty. And every aspect of our lives will be
transformed. In short, success in creating AI could be the biggest event in the history of our
civilisation/,
Huw Price, the centre's academic director and the Bertrand Russell professor of philosophy at
Cambridge University, where Hawking is also an academic, said that the centre came about partially
as a result of the university's Centre fbr Existential Risk. That institute examined a wider range of
potential problems fbr humanity, while the LCFI has a narrow focus.
AI pioneer Margaret Boden, professor of cognitive science at the University of Sussex, praised
the progress of such discussions. As recently as 2009, she said, the topic wasn't taken seriously, even
among AI researchers. UAI is hugely exciting,M she said,“ but it has limitations, which present grave
dangers given uncritical use."
The academic community is not alone in warning about the potential dangers of AI as well as
the potential benefits. A number of pioneers from the technology industry, most famously the
entrepreneur Elon Musk, have also expressed their concerns about the damage that a super-intelligent
AI could do to humanity.
46. What did Stephen Hawking think of artificial intelligence?
A) It would be vital to the progress of human civilisation.
B) It might be a blessing or a disaster in the making.
C) It might present challenges as well as opportunities.
D) It would be a significant expansion of human intelligence.
6 ・ 9

----- PAGE 11 -----
47. What did Hawking say about the creation of the LCFI?
A) It would accelerate the progress of AI research.
B) It would mark a step forward in the AI industry.
C) It was extremely important to the destiny of humankind.
D) It was an achievement of multi-disciplinary collaboration.
48. What did Hawking say was a welcome change in AI research?
A) The shift of research focus from the past to the future.
B) The shift of research from theory to implementation.
C) The greater emphasis on the negative impact of AI.
D) The increasing awareness of mankind's past stupidity.
49. What concerns did Hawking raise about AI?
A) It may exceed human intelligence sooner or later.
B) It may ultimately over-amplify the human mind.
C) Super-intelligence may cause its own destruction.
D) Super-intelligence may eventually ruin mankind.
50. What do we learn about some entrepreneurs from the technology industry?
A) They are much influenced by the academic community.
B) They are most likely to benefit from AI development.
C) They share the same concerns about AI as academics.
D) They believe they can keep AI under human control.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
The market for products designed specifically fbr older adults could reach $ 30 billion by next
year, and startups (初创公司)want in on the action. What they sometimes lack is feedback from the
people who they hope will use their products. So Brookdale, the country's largest owner of retirement
communities, has been inviting a few select entrepreneurs just to move in fbr a few days, show off
their products and hear what the residents have to say.
Thafs what brought Dayle Rodriguez, 28, all the way from England to the dining room of
Brookdale South Bay in Torrance, California. Rodriguez is the community and marketing manager for
a company called Sentab. The startup's product, SentabTV, enables older adults who may not be
comfortable with computers to access email, video chat and social media using just their televisions
and a remote control.
"It's nothing new, ifs nothing too complicated and ifs natural because lots of people have TV
remotes/ says Rodriguez.
But none of that is the topic of conversation in the Brookdale dining room. Instead, Rodriguez
6 • 10

----- PAGE 12 -----
solicits residents, advice on what he should get on his cheeseburger and how he should spend the
afternoon. Playing cards was on the agenda, as well as learning to play mahjong (麻将).
Rodriguez says ifs important that residents here don't feel like he's selling them something. u rve
had more feedback in a passive approach/' he says. " Playing pool, playing cards, having dinner,
having lunch," all work better u than going through a survey of questions. When they get to know me
and to trust me, knowing for sure Fm not selling them something- there'll be more honest feedback
from them/'
Rodriguez is just the seventh entrepreneur to move into one of Brookdale's 1,100 senior living
communities. Other new products in the program have included a kind of full-body blow dryer and
specially designed clothing that allows people with disabilities to dress and undress themselves.
Mary Lou Busch, 93, agreed to try the Sentab system. She tells Rodriguez that it might be good
for someone, but not for her.
“I have the computer and FaceTime, which I talk with my family on,“ she explains. She also
has an iPad and a smartphone. u So I do pretty much everything I need to do.”
To be fair, if Rodriguez had wanted feedback from some more technophobic (害怕技术的)
seniors, he might have ended up in the wrong Brookdale community. This one is located in the heart
of Southern California's aerospace corridor. Many residents have backgrounds in engineering,
business and academic circles.
But Rodriguez says he's still learning something important by moving into this Brookdale
community: u People are more tech-proficient than we thought."
And besides, where else would he learn to play mahjong?
51. What does the passage say about the startups?
A) They never lose time in upgrading products fbr seniors.
B) They want to have a share of the seniors5 goods market.
C) They invite seniors to their companies to try their products.
D) They try to profit from promoting digital products to seniors.
52. Some entrepreneurs have been invited to Brookdale t
o
.
A) have an interview with potential customers
B) conduct a survey of retirement communities
C) collect residents, feedback on their products
D) show senior residents how to use IT products
53. What do we know about SentabTV?
A) It is a TV program catering to the interest of the elderly.
B) It is a digital TV which enjoys popularity among seniors.
C) It is a TV specially designed fbr seniors to view programs.
D) It is a communication system via TV instead of a computer.
6 ・ 11

----- PAGE 13 -----
54. What does Rodriguez say is important in promoting products?
A) Winning trust from prospective customers.
B) Knowing the likes and dislikes of customers.
C) Demonstrating their superiority on the spot.
D) Responding promptly to customer feedback.
55. What do we learn about the seniors in the Brookdale community?
A) Most of them are interested in using the Sen tab.
B) They are quite at ease with high-tech products.
C) They have much in common with seniors elsewhere.
D) Most of them enjoy a longer life than average people.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
成语(Chinese idioms)是汉语中的一种独特的表达方式，大多由四个汉字组成。它们高度
简练且形式固定,但通常能形象地表达深刻的含义。成语大多来源于中国古代的文学作品，通
常与某些神话、传说或者历史事件有关。如果不知道某个成语的出处，就很难理解其确切含义。
因此,学习成语有助于人们更好地理解中国传统文化。成语在日常会话和文学创作中广泛使
用。恰当使用成语可以使一个人的语言更具表现力，交流更有效。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 14 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of team
spirit and communication in the workplace. You should write at least 150 words but
no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 15 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2019年6 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 16 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
回强霞回
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
回第缎
扫码获音频
1. A) Why Roman Holiday was more famous than Breakfast at Tiffany's.
B) Why Audrey Hepburn had more female fans than male ones.
C) Why the woman wanted to be like Audrey Hepburn.
D) Why so many girls adored Audrey Hepburn.
2. A) Her unique personality.
B) Her physical condition.
3. A) She was not an outgoing person.
B) She was modest and hardworking.
C) Her shift of interest to performing arts.
D) Her family's suspension of financial aid.
C) She was easy-going on the whole.
D) She was usually not very optimistic.
4. A) She was influenced by the roles she played in the films.
B) Her parents taught her to sympathize with the needy.
C) She learned to volunteer when she was a child.
D) Her family benefited from other people's help.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Give a presentation.
B) Raise some questions.
6. A) It will cut production costs.
B) It will raise productivity.
7. A) The timeline of restructuring.
B) The reasons for restructuring.
C) Start a new company.
D) Attend a board meeting.
C) No staff will be dismissed.
D) No new staff will be hired.
C) The communication channels.
D) The company's new missions.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 17 -----
8. A) By consulting their own department managers.
B) By emailing questions to the man or the woman.
C) By exploring various channels of communication.
D) By visiting the company's own computer network.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) ,B) , C)
and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It helps passengers to take care of their pet animals.
B) It has animals to help passengers carry their luggage.
C) It uses therapy animals to soothe nervous passengers.
D) It allows passengers to have animals travel with them
10. A) Avoiding possible dangers.
B) Finding their way around.
C) Identifying drug smugglers.
D) Looking after sick passengers.
11. A) Schedule their flights around the animal visits.
B) Photograph the therapy animals at the airport.
C) Keep some animals for therapeutic purposes.
D) Bring their pet animals on board their plane.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Beside a beautifully painted wall in Arles.
B) Beside the gate of an ancient Roman city.
C) At the site of an ancient Roman mansion.
D) At the entrance to a reception hall in Rome.
13. A) A number of different images.
B) A number of mythological heroes.
14. A) The originality and expertise shown.
B) The worldly sophistication displayed.
C) Various musical instruments.
D) Paintings by famous French artists.
C) The stunning images vividly depicted.
D) The impressive skills and costly dyes.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 18 -----
15. A) His artistic taste is superb. 
C) He was a collector of antiques.
B) His identity remains unclear. 
D) He was a rich Italian merchant.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line through centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They encourage international cooperation.
B) They lay stress on basic scientific research.
C) They place great emphasis on empirical studies.
D) They favour scientists from its member countries.
17. A) Many of them wish to win international recognition.
B) They believe that more hands will make light work.
C) They want to follow closely the international trend.
D) Many of their projects have become complicated.
18. A) It requires mathematicians to work independently.
B) It is laced with many unprecedented challenges.
C) It lags behind other disciplines in collaboration.
D) It calls for more research funding to catch up.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Scientists tried to send a balloon to Venus.
B) Scientists discovered water on Venus.
C) Scientists found Venus had atmosphere.
D) Scientists observed Venus from a space vehicle.
20. A) It resembles Earth in many aspects.
B) It is the same as fiction has portrayed.
C) It is a paradise of romance fbr alien life.
D) It undergoes geological changes like Earth.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 19 -----
21. A) It might have been hotter than it is today.
B) It might have been a cozy habitat for life.
C) It used to have more water than Earth.
D) It used to be covered with rainforests.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Causes of sleeplessness. 
C) Cultural psychology.
B) Cross-cultural communication. 
D) Motivation and positive feelings.
23. A) They attach great importance to sleep.
B) They often have trouble falling asleep.
C) They pay more attention to sleep efficiency.
D) They generally sleep longer than East Asians.
24. A) By asking people to report their sleep habits.
B) By observing people's sleep patterns in labs.
C) By having people wear motion-detecting watches.
D) By videotaping people's daily sleeping processes.
25. A) It has made remarkable progress in the past few decades.
B) It has not yet explored the cross-cultural aspect of sleep.
C) It has not yet produced anything conclusive.
D) It has attracted attention all over the world.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The dream of personalised flight is still vivid in the minds of many inventors, some developing
cycle-powered craft, others 
26 
money into jetpacks (喷气飞行背包).However, the flying car has
always remained the 
27 
symbol of personal transport freedom.
Several companies around the world have produced 
28 
that can drive on roads and fly.
Airbus has a futuristic modular (组件式的)concept involving a passenger capsule that can be 
29
6 , 4

----- PAGE 20 -----
from the road-going chassis (底盘)and picked up by a helicopter-type machine.
But all these concepts are massively expensive, require safety certification standards for road and
air, need 
30 
controls, involve complex folding wings and propellers, and have to be flown from
air-strips. So they are likely to remain rich people's playthings rather than practical transport solutions
for the masses.
“A car that takes off from some London street and lands in another 
31 
street is unlikely to
happen," says Prof. Gray, a leading aeronautical engineer. u Sky taxis are much more likely," But that
won't stop inventors from dreaming up new ways to fly and trying to persuade investors to back their
sometimes 
32 
schemes.
Civilian aviation is being disrupted, not by the age-old desires for speed, romanticism and
33 
, but by the pressing need to respond to a changing climate. New electric engines coupled with
artificial intelligence and 
34 
systems will contribute to a more efficient, integrated transport
system that is less polluting and less noisy. That may sound simple, but as Prof. Gray says, 11 When I
travel somewhere I like this notion that when I finish my journey I feel better than when I started it.
Thafs completely at 
35 
with how I feel today." Now that would be progress.
A) autonomous
I)
pouring
B) detached
J)
prototypes
C) dual
K) random
D) glamour
L) repressing
E) imminent
M) segmented
F) odds
N) spectrum
G) opposites
0) ultimate
H) outrageous
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2
Companies Are Working with Consumers to Reduce Waste
[A] As consumers, we are very wasteful. Annually, the world generates 1.3 billion tons of solid
waste. This is expected to go up to 2.2 billion by 2025. The developed countries are responsible
fbr 44% of waste, and in the U.S. alone, the average person throws away their body weight in
rubbish every month.
6 - 5

----- PAGE 21 -----
[ B ] Conventional wisdom would seem to suggest that companies have no incentive to lengthen the
life cycle of their products and reduce the revenue they would get from selling new goods. Yet,
more and more businesses are thinking about how to reduce consumer waste. This is partly
driven by the rising price of raw materials and metals. It is also partly due to both consumers
and companies becoming more aware of the need to protect our environment.
[ C ] When choosing what products to buy and which brands to buy from, more and more consumers
are looking into sustainability. This is opposed to just price and performance they were
concerned about in the past. In a survey of 54 of the world's leading brands, almost all of them
reported that consumers are showing increasing care about sustainable lifestyles. At the same
time, surveys on consumers in the U.S. and the U.K. show that they also care about minimizing
energy use and reducing waste.
[ D] For the most part, consumers control what happens to a product. But some companies are
realizing that placing the burden of recycling entirely on the consumer is not an effective strategy,
especially when tossing something away seems like the easiest and most convenient option.
[ E ] Some retailers and manufacturers in the clothing, footwear, and electronics industries have
launched environmental programs. They want to make their customers interested in preserving
their products and preventing things that still have value from going to the garbage dump. By
offering services to help expand the longevity of their products, they're promising quality and
durability to consumers, and receiving the reputational gains for being environmentally friendly.
[ F ] For example, the Swedish jeans company Nudie Jeans offers free repair at twenty of their shops.
Instead of discarding their old worn-out jeans, customers bring them in to be renewed. The
company even provides mail-order repair kits and online videos, so that customers can learn
how to fix a pair of jeans at home. Their philosophy is that extending the life of a pair of jeans
is not only great for the environment, but allows the consumer to get more value out of their
product. When customers do want to toss their pair, they can give them back to the store, which
will repurpose and resell them. Another clothing company, Patagonia, a high-end outdoor
clothing store, follows the same principle. It has partnered with DIY website iFixit to teach
consumers how to repair their clothing, such as waterproof outerwear, at home. The company
also offers a repair program for their customers for a modest fee. Currently, Patagonia repairs
about 40,000 garments a year in their Reno, Nevada, service center. According to the company's
CEO, Rose Marcario, this is about building a company that cares about the environment. At the
same time, offering repair supports the perceived quality of its products.
[G ] In Brazil, the multinational corporation Adidas has been running a shoe-recycling program
called 
Sustainable Footprint" since 2012. Customers can bring shoes of any brand into an
6 • 6

----- PAGE 22 -----
Adidas store to be shredded and turned into alternative fuels fbr energy creation instead of being
burned as trash. They are used to fuel cement ovens. To motivate visitors to bring in more old
shoes, Adidas Brazil promotes the program in stores by showing videos to educate customers,
and it even offers a discount each time a customer brings in an old pair of shoes. This boosts
the reputation and image of Adidas by making people more aware of the company's values.
[H] Enormous opportunities also lie with e-waste. It is estimated that in 2014 the world produced
some 42 million metric tons of e-waste (discarded electrical and electronic equipment and its
parts) with North America and Europe accounting for 8 and 12 million metric tons respectively.
The materials from e-waste include iron, copper, gold, silver, and aluminum- materials that
could be reused, resold, salvaged, or recycled. Together, the value of these metals is estimated to
be about $ 52 billion. Electronics giants like Best Buy and Samsung have provided e-waste
take-back programs over the past few years, which aim to refurbish (翻新)old electronic
components and parts into new products.
[I] For other companies interested in reducing waste, helping the environment, and providing the
sustainable lifestyles that consumers seek, here are some first steps for building a relationship
with customers that focuses on recycling and restoring value to products:
[J] Find partners. If you are a manufacturer who relies on outside distributors, then retailers are the
ideal partner for collecting old products. Power tool maker DeWalt partners with companies,
such as Lowes and Napa Auto Parts, to collect old tools at their stores for recycling. The
partnership benefits both sides by allowing unconventional partners ( for example, two
companies from two different industries) to work together on a specific aspect of the value
chain, like, in this example, an engine firm with an accessory one.
[ K] Create incentives. Environmental conscientiousness isn't always enough to make customers
recycle old goods. For instance, DeWalt discovered that many contractors were holding on to
their old tools, even if they no longer worked, because they were expensive purchases and it
was hard to justify bringing them in to recycle. By offering instant discounts worth as much as
$ 100, DeWalt launched a trade-in program to encourage people to bring back tools. As a
result, DeWalt now reuses those materials to create new products.
[L] Start with a trial program, and expect to change the details as you go. Any take-back program
will likely change over time, depending on what works fbr your customers and company goals.
Maybe you see low customer participation at first, or conversely, so much success that the cost
of recycling becomes too high. Best Buy, for instance, has been bearing the lion's share of e-
waste volume since two of its largest competitors, Amazon and Wal-mart, do not have their own
6 - 7

----- PAGE 23 -----
recycling programs. Since the launch of its program, Best Buy changed its policy to add a $ 25
fee for recycling old televisions in order to keep the program going.
[ M] Build a culture of collective values with customers. A stronger relationship between the retailer/
producer and the consumer isn't just about financial incentives. By creating more awareness
around your efforts to reduce waste, and by developing a culture of responsibility, repair, and
reuse, you can build customer loyalty based on shared values and responsibilities.
[ N ] These examples are just the tip of the iceberg, but they demonstrate how helping customers get
more use of their materials can transform value chains and operations. Reducing waste by
incorporating used materials into production can cut costs and decrease the price of procurement
（采购）：less to be procured from the outside and more to be re-utilized from the inside.
[ O] Companies play a big role in creating a circular economy, in which value is generating less from
extracting new resources and more from getting better use out of the resources we already
have- but they must also get customers engaged in the process.
36. Some companies believe that products7 prolonged lifespan benefits both the environment and
customers.
37. A survey shows shoppers today are getting more concerned about energy conservation and
environmental protection when deciding what to buy.
38. Companies can build customer loyalty by creating a positive culture of environmental awareness.
39. When companies launch environmental programs, they will have their brand reputation enhanced.
40. One multinational company offers discounts to customers who bring in old footwear to be used as fuel.
41. Recycling used products can help manufacturers reduce production costs.
42. Electronic products contain valuable metals that could be recovered.
43. It seems commonly believed that companies are not motivated to prolong their products5 lifespan.
44. It is advisable for companies to partner with each other in product recycling.
45. Some businesses have begun to realize it may not be effective to let consumers take full
responsibility for recycling.
6 - 8

----- PAGE 24 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Effective Friday, Screen Actors Guild-American Federation of Television and Radio Artists
(SAG-AFTRA) has declared a strike against 11 video game publishers over games that went into
production after Feb. 17, 2015. The companies include some of the heavyweights of the industry, like
Electronic Arts Productions, Insomniac Games, Activision and Disney.
The strike comes in light of an unsuccessful 19 months of negotiations after the existing labor
contract known as the Interactive Media Agreement expired in late 2014. Overall, the strike is an
effort to provide more secondary compensation along with other concerns, such as transparency upon
hiring talent and on-set (制作中)safety precautions.
The video gaming industry has ballooned in recent years. The Los Angeles Times reports that the
industry is in the midst of an intense increase in cash flow. In 2015, gaming produced $ 23.5 billion
in domestic revenue.
But SAG-AFTRA says voice actors don't receive residuals (追力口 酬金)for their gaming work.
Instead, they receive a fixed rate, which is typically about $ 825 for a standard four-hour vocal session. So
the voice actors are pushing for the idea of secondary compensation- a performance bonus every time a
game sells 2 million copies or downloads, or reaches 2 million subscribers, with a cap at 8 million.
"It's a very small number of games that would trigger this secondary compensation issue," said
voice actor Crispin Freeman, who's a member of the union's negotiating committee. " This is an
important aspect of what it means to be a freelance (从事 自 由职业的)performer, who isn't regularly
employed every single day working on projects.n
Another major complaint from the actors is the secrecy of the industry. UI can't imagine if there's
any other acting job in the world where you don't know what show you're in, when you're hired,“
says voice actor Keythe Farley, who chairs the SAG-AFTRA negotiating committee.
“And yet that happens every day in the video game world,v Farley told reporters during a press
conference Friday. UI was a main character in Fallout 4, a character by the name of Kellogg, and I
never knew that I was doing vocal recording for that game throughout the year and a half.”
Scott Witlin, the lawyer representing the video game companies, says voice actors u represent
less than one tenth of 1 percent of the work that goes into making a video game." So "even though
they're the top craftsmen in their field," Witlin says, “ if we pay them under a vastly different system
than the people who do the 99.9 percent of the work, that's going to create far more problems for the
video game companies.v
6 - 9

----- PAGE 25 -----
46. Why did SAG-AFTRA declare a strike against some video game publishers?
A) The labor contract between them had been violated.
B) Its appeal to renegotiate the contract had been rejected.
C) It had been cheated repeatedly in the 19 months of talks.
D) The negotiations between them had broken down.
47. What do we learn from the passage about the video gaming industry?
A) It has reaped huge profits in recent years.
B) It has become more open and transparent.
C) It has attracted many famous voice actors.
D) It has invested a lot in its domestic market.
48. What are the voice actors demanding?
A) More regular employment.
B) A non-discriminatory contract.
C) Extra pay based on sales revenues.
D) A limit on the maximum work hours.
49. What does Keythe Farley say about voice actors?
A) They are kept in the dark about many details of their job.
B) They are discriminated against in the gaming industry.
C) They are not paid on a regular basis.
D) They are not employed full-time.
50. What is the argument of lawyer Scott Witlin?
A) Voice actors should have a pay raise if they prove to be top craftsmen.
B) Changing the pay system would cause the industry more problems.
C) Voice actors are mere craftsmen, not professional performers.
D) Paying voice actors on an hourly basis is in line with the law.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Officials at the White House announced a new space policy focused on managing the increasing
number of satellites that companies and governments are launching into space. Space Policy
Directive-3 lays out general guidelines for the United States to mitigate (缓解)the effects of space
debris and track and manage traffic in space.
This policy sets the stage for the Department of Commerce to take over the management of
6 - 10

----- PAGE 26 -----
traffic in space. The department will make sure that newly launched satellites don't use radio
frequencies that would interfere with existing satellites, and schedule when such new satellites can be
launched. This only applies to American space activities, but the hope is that it will help standardize a
set of norms in the dawning commercial spaceflight industry throughout the world.
Space, especially the space directly around our planet, is getting more crowded as more
governments and companies launch satellites. One impetus for the policy is that companies are
already starting to build massive constellations (星座)，comprising hundreds or thousands of satellites
with many moving parts among them. With so much stuff in space, and a limited area around our
planet, the government wants to reduce the chances of a collision. Two or more satellites slamming
into each other could create many more out-of-control bits that would pose even more hazards to the
growing collection of satellites in space.
And ifs not like this hasn't happened before. In 2009 an old Russian craft slammed into a
communications satellite, creating a cloud of hundreds of pieces of debris and putting other hardware
at risk. Journalist Sarah Scoles reports that NASA currently tracks about 24,000 objects in space, and
in 2016 the Air Force had to issue 3,995,874 warnings to satellite owners alerting them to a potential
nearby threat from another satellite or bit of debris.
Thafs why this new policy also includes directions to update the current U. S. Government
Orbital Debris Mitigation Standard Practices, which already require any entity that launches a satellite
or spacecraft to vigorously analyze the likelihood that any of their actions, from an unexpected failure
or normal operations, will create more space debris. It includes accounting for any piece of debris
they plan to release over 5mm that might stay in orbit for 25 years or more. It might seem surprising
to think about an item staying in space for that long, but the oldest satellite still in orbit―Vanguard
1—turned 60 in 2018.
Agencies and companies throughout the world are working on developing technology that would
dispose of or capture space debris before it causes serious damage. But for now, the U.S. government
is more focused on preventing new debris from forming than taking the trash out of orbit.
51. What is the purpose of the new U.S. space policy?
A) To lay out general guidelines for space exploration.
B) To encourage companies to join in space programs.
C) To make the best use of satellites in space.
D) To improve traffic conditions in space.
52. What is the Department of Commerce expected to do under the new policy?
A) Reduce debris in space.
B) Monitor satellite operations.
C) Regulate the launching of new satellites.
D) Update satellite communications technology.
6 • 11

----- PAGE 27 -----
53. What does the U.S. government hope to do with the new space policy?
A) Set international standards for the space flight industry.
B) Monopolize space industry by developing a set of norms.
C) Facilitate commercial space flights throughout the world.
D) Promote international collaboration in space exploration.
54. What is a space vehicle launching entity required to do according to the current U.S. Government
Orbital Debris Mitigation Standard Practices?
A) Give an estimate of how long its debris will stay in space.
B) Account fbr the debris it has released into space at any time.
C) Provide a detailed plan fbr managing the space debris it creates.
D) Make a thorough analysis of any possible addition to space debris.
55. What are space agencies and companies aiming to do at present?
A) Recycle used space vehicles before they turn into debris.
B) Develop technology to address the space debris problem.
C) Limit the amount of debris entering space.
D) Cooperate closely to retrieve space debris.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answ er Sheet 2.
中国幅员辽阔，人口众多，很多地方人们都说自己的方言。方言在发音上差别最大,词汇和
语法差别较小。有些方言，特别是北方和南方的方言，差异很大，以至于说不同方言的人常常很
难听懂彼此的讲话。方言被认为是当地文化的一个组成部分，但近年来能说方言的人数不断减
少。为了鼓励人们更多说本地方言，一些地方政府已经采取措施,如在学校开设方言课，在广播
和电视上播放方言节目，以期保存本地的文化遗产。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 28 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
mutual understanding and respect in interpersonal relationships. You should write
at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 29 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2019年6 月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 30 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
特别说明
学 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
公
I 第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » ^
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank fallowing the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A n sw er S h e e t 2  with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than
once.
Steel is valued fbr its reliability, but not when it gets cold. Most forms of steel 
26 
become
brittle (脆的)at temperatures below about - 25T unless they are mixed with other metals. Now,
though, a novel type of steel has been developed that resists 
27 
at much lower temperatures,
while retaining its strength and toughness—without the need for expensive 
28
SteeFs fragility at low temperatures first became a major concern during the Second World War.
After German U-boats torpedoed (用鱼雷攻击)numerous British ships, a 2,700-strong fleet of cheap-
and-cheerful u Liberty shipsn was introduced to replace the lost vessels, providing a lifeline fbr the
29 
British. But the steel shells of hundreds of the ships 
30 
in the icy north Atlantic, and 12
broke in half and sank.
Brittleness remains a problem when building steel structures in cold conditions, such as oil rigs
in the Arctic. So scientists have 
31 
to find a solution by mixing it with expensive metals such as
nickel.
Yuuji Kimura and colleagues in Japan tried a more physical 
32 
. Rather than adding other
metals, they developed a complex mechanical process involving repeated heating and very severe
mechanical deformation, known as tempforming.
The resulting steel appears to achieve a combination of strength and toughness that is 
33 
to
that of modern steels that are very rich in alloy content and, therefore, very expensive.
Kimura's team intends to use its tempfbrmed steel to make ultra-high strength parts, such as
bolts. They hope to reduce both the number of 
34 
needed in a construction job and their
weight- by replacing solid supports with 
35 
tubes, fbr example. This could reduce the amount
of steel needed to make everything from automobiles to buildings and bridges.
6 ・
 1

----- PAGE 31 -----
A)
abruptly
I)
cracked
B)
additives
J)
fractures
C)
approach
K)
hollow
D)
ardently
L)
relevant
E)
besieged
M)
reshuffled
F)
channel
N)
strived
G)
comparable
0 )
violent
H)
components
Section B
Directions ： In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
The future of personal satellite technology is here- are we ready for it?
[A] Satellites used to be the exclusive playthings of rich governments and wealthy corporations. But
increasingly, as space becomes more democratized, they are coming within reach of ordinary
people. Just like drones( 无人机) before them, miniature satellites are beginning to fundamentally
transform our conceptions of who gets to do what up above our heads.
[B] As a recent report from the National Academy of Sciences highlights, these satellites hold
tremendous potential for making satellite-based science more accessible than ever before. However,
as the cost of getting your own satellite in orbit drops sharply, the risks of irresponsible use grow.
The question here is no longer 41 Can we?” but u Should we?” What are the potential downsides
of having a slice of space densely populated by equipment built by people not traditionally
labeled as 11 professionals"? And what would the responsible and beneficial development and use
of this technology actually look like? Some of the answers may come from a nonprofit
organization that has been building and launching amateur satellites for nearly 50 years.
[C] Having your personal satellite launched into orbit might sound like an idea straight out of science
fiction. But over the past few decades a unique class of satellites has been created that fits the bill:
CubeSats. The "Cube" here simply refers to the satellite's shape. The most common CubeSat is a
10cm cube, so small that a single CubeSat could easily be mistaken for a paperweight on your
desk. These mini-satellites can fit in a launch vehicle's formerly u wasted space." Multiples can be
deployed in combination for more complex missions than could be achieved by one CubeSat alone.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 32 -----
[D] Within their compact bodies these minute satellites are able to house sensors and communications
receivers/transmitters that enable operators to study Earth from space, as well as space around
Earth. They're primarily designed for Low Earth Orbit (LEO)一an easily accessible region of
space from around 200 to 800 miles above Earth, where human-tended missions like the Hubble
Space Telescope and the International Space Station (ISS) hang out. But they can attain more
distant orbits; NASA plans for most of its future Earth-escaping payloads (to the moon and Mars
especially) to carry CubeSats.
[E] Because they're so small and light, it costs much less to get a CubeSat into Earth's orbit than a
traditional communications or GPS satellite. For instance, a research group here at Arizona State
University recently claimed their developmental small CubeSats could cost as little as $3,000 to
put in orbit. This decrease in cost allows researchers, hobbyists and even elementary school
groups to put simple instruments into LEO or even having them deployed from the ISS.
[F] The first CubeSat was created in the early 2000s, as a way of enabling Stanford graduate students
to design, build, test and operate a spacecraft with similar capabilities to the USSR's Sputnik(前苏
联的人造卫星).Since then, NASA, the National Reconnaissance Office and even Boeing have
all launched and operated CubeSats. There are more than 130 currently in operation. The NASA
Educational Launch of Nano Satellite program, which offers free launches for educational groups
and science missions, is now open to U.S. nonprofit corporations as well. Clearly, satellites are
not just for rocket scientists anymore.
[G] The National Academy of Sciences report emphasizes CubeSats' importance in scientific
discovery and the training of future space scientists and engineers. Yet it also acknowledges that
widespread deployment of LEO CubeSats isn't risk-free. The greatest concern the authors raise is
space debris—pieces of "junk" that orbit the earth, with the potential to cause serious damage if
they collide with operational units, including the ISS.
[H] Currently, there aren't many CubeSats and they're tracked closely. Yet as LEO opens up to more
amateur satellites, they may pose an increasing threat. As the report authors point out, even near­
misses might lead to the u creation of a burdensome regulatory framework and affect the future
disposition of science CubeSats."
[I] CubeSat researchers suggest that now's the time to ponder unexpected and unintended possible
consequences of more people than ever having access to their own small slice of space. In an era
when you can simply buy a CubeSat kit off the shelf, how can we trust the satellites over our
heads were developed with good intentions by people who knew what they were doing? Some
u expert amateurs" in the satellite game could provide some inspiration for how to proceed
responsibly.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 33 -----
[J] In 1969, the Radio Amateur Satellite Corporation （AMSAT） was created in order to foster ham
radio ezi质
（业余无线电爱好者）participation in space research and communication. It
continued the efforts, begun in 1961, by Project OSCAR一a U. S.-based group that built and
launched the very first nongovernmental satellite just four years after Sputnik. As an organization
of volunteers, AMSAT was putting “ amateur" satellites in orbit decades before the current
CubeSat craze. And over time, its members have learned a thing or two about responsibility. Here,
open-source development has been a central principle. Within the organization, AMSAT has a
philosophy of open sourcing everything—making technical data on all aspects of their satellites
fully available to everyone in the organization, and when possible, the public. According to a
member of the team responsible for FOX 1-A, AMSATs first CubeSat, this means that there's no
way to sneak something like explosives or an energy emitter into an amateur satellite when
everyone has access to the designs and implementation.
[K] However, they're more cautious about sharing information with nonmembers, as the organization
guards against others developing the ability to hijack and take control of their satellites. This form
of u self-governance" is possible within long-standing amateur organizations that, over time, are
able to build a sense of responsibility to community members, as well as society in general. But
what happens when new players emerge, who don't have deep roots within the existing culture?
[L] Hobbyists and students are gaining access to technologies without being part of a long-standing
amateur establishment. They're still constrained by funders, launch providers and a series of
regulations- all of which rein in what CubeSat developers can and cannot do. But there's a
danger they're ill-equipped to think through potential unintended consequences. What these
unintended consequences might be is admittedly far from clear. Yet we know innovators can be
remarkably creative with taking technologies in unexpected directions. Think of something as
seemingly benign as the cellphone- we have microfinance and text-based social networking at
one end of the spectrum, and impr。沅sed（临时制作的）explosive devices at the other.
[M] This is where a culture of social responsibility around CubeSats becomes important—not simply
to ensure that physical risks are minimized, but to engage with a much larger community in
anticipating and managing less obvious consequences of the technology. This is not an easy task.
Yet the evidence from AMSAT and other areas of technology development suggests that
responsible amateur communities can and do emerge around novel technologies. The challenge
here, of course, is ensuring that what an amateur community considers to be responsible, actually
is. Here's where there needs to be a much wider public conversation that extends beyond
government agencies and scientific communities to include students, hobbyists, and anyone who
may potentially stand to be affected by the use of CubeSat technology.
36. Given the easier accessibility to space, it is time to think about how to prevent misuse of satellites.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 34 -----
37. A group of mini-satellites can work together to accomplish more complex tasks.
38. The greater accessibility of mini-satellites increases the risks of their irresponsible use.
39. Even school pupils can have their CubeSats put in orbit owing to the lowered launching cost.
40. AMSAT is careful about sharing information with outsiders to prevent hijacking of their satellites.
41. NASA offers to launch CubeSats free of charge for educational and research purposes.
42. Even with constraints, it is possible for some creative developers to take the CubeSat technology
in directions that result in harmful outcomes.
43. While making significant contributions to space science, CubeSats may pose hazards to other
space vehicles.
44. Mini-satellites enable operators to study Earth from LEO and space around it.
45. AMSAT operates on the principle of having all its technical data accessible to its members,
preventing the abuse of amateur satellites.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
When I re-entered the full-time workforce a few years ago after a decade of solitary self­
employment, there was one thing I was looking forward to the most: the opportunity to have work
friends once again. It wasn't until I entered the corporate world that I realized, for me at least, being
friends with colleagues didn't emerge as a priority at all. This is surprising when you consider the
prevailing emphasis by scholars and trainers and managers on the importance of cultivating close
interpersonal relationships at work. So much research has explored the way in which collegial (同事
的) ties can help overcome a range of workplace issues aflecting productivity and the quality of work
output such as team-based conflict, jealousy, undermining, anger, and more.
Perhaps my expectations of lunches, water-cooler gossip and caring, deep-and-meaningful
6 - 5

----- PAGE 35 -----
conversations were a legacy of the last time I was in that kind of office environment. Whereas now,
as I near the end of my fourth decade, I realize work can be fully functional and entirely fulfilling
without needing to be best mates with the people sitting next to you.
In an academic analysis just published in the profoundly-respected Journal of Management,
researchers have looked at the concept of u indifferent relationships". Ifs a simple term that
encapsulates (概括)the fact that relationships at work can reasonably be non-intimate, inconsequential,
unimportant and even, dare I say it, disposable or substitutable.
Indifferent relationships are neither positive nor negative. The limited research conducted thus far
indicates they're especially dominant among those who value independence over cooperation, and
harmony over confrontation. Indifference is also the preferred option among those who are socially
lazy. Maintaining relationships over the long term takes effort. For some of us, too much effort.
As noted above, indifferent relationships may not always be the most helpful approach in
resolving some of the issues that pop up at work. But there are nonetheless several empirically proven
benefits. One of those is efficiency. Less time chatting and socializing means more time working and
churning (产出).
The other is self-esteem. As human beings, we're primed to compare ourselves to each other in
what is an anxiety-inducing phenomenon. Apparently, we look down on acquaintances more so than
friends. Since the former is most common among those inclined towards indifferent relationships, their
predominance can bolster individuals5 sense of self-worth.
Ego aside, a third advantage is that the emotional neutrality of indifferent relationships has been
found to enhance critical evaluation, to strengthen one's focus on task resolution, and to gain greater
access to valuable information. None of that might be as fun as after-work socializing but, hey, I'll
take it anyway.
46. What did the author realize when he re-entered the corporate world?
A) Making new friends with his workmates was not as easy as he had anticipated.
B) Cultivating positive interpersonal relationships helped him expel solitary feelings.
C) Working in the corporate world requires more interpersonal skills than self-employment.
D) Building close relationships with his colleagues was not as important as he had expected.
47. What do we learn from many studies about collegial relationships?
A) Inharmonious relationships have an adverse effect on productivity.
B) Harmonious relationships are what many companies aim to cultivate.
C) Close collegial relationships contribute very little to product quality.
D) Conflicting relationships in the workplace exist almost everywhere.
48. What can be inferred about relationships at work from an academic analysis?
A) They should be cultivated. 
C) They are vital to corporate culture.
B) They are virtually irrelevant. 
D) They should be reasonably intimate.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 36 -----
49. What does the author say about people who are socially lazy?
A) They feel uncomfortable when engaging in social interactions.
B) They often find themselves in confrontation with their colleagues.
C) They are unwilling to make efforts to maintain workplace relationships.
D) They lack basic communication skills in dealing with interpersonal issues.
50. What is one of the benefits of indifferent relationships?
A) They provide fiin at work. 
C) They help resolve differences.
B) They help control emotions. 
D) They improve work efficiency.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
In a few decades, artificial intelligence (AI) will surpass many of the abilities that we believe
make us special. This is a grand challenge fbr our age and it may require an “ irrational“ response.
One of the most significant pieces of news from the US in early 2017 was the efforts of Google
to make autonomous driving a reality. According to a report, Google's self-driving cars clocked 1,023,
330 km, and required human intervention 124 times. That is one intervention about every 8,047 km of
autonomous driving. But even more impressive is the progress in just a single year: human
interventions fell from 0.8 times per thousand miles to 0.2, a 400% improvement. With such progress,
Google's cars will easily surpass my own driving ability later this year.
Driving once seemed to be a very human skill. But we said that about chess, too. Then a
computer beat the human world champion, repeatedly. The board game Go (围棋)took over from
chess as a new test for human thinking in 2016, when a computer beat one of the world's leading
professional Go players. With computers conquering what used to be deeply human tasks, what will it
mean in the future to be human? I worry about my six-year-old son. What will his place be in a
world where machines beat us in one area after another? He'll never calculate faster, never drive
better, or even fly more safely. Actually, it all comes down to a fairly simple question: Whafs so
special about us? It can't be skills like arithmetic, which machines already excel in. So far, machines
have a pretty hard time emulating creativity, arbitrary enough not to be predicted by a computer, and
yet more than simple randomness.
Perhaps, if we continue to improve information-processing machines, we'll soon have helpful
rational assistants. So we must aim to complement the rationality of the machine, rather than to compete
with it. If I'm right, we should foster a creative spirit because a dose of illogical creativity will
complement the rationality of the machine. Unfortunately, however, our education system has not
caught up to the approaching reality. Indeed, our schools and universities are structured to mould pupils
to be mostly obedient servants of rationality, and to develop outdated skills in interacting with outdated
machines. We need to help our children learn how to best work with smart computers to improve
human decision-making. But most of all we need to keep the long-term perspective in mind: that even if
6 - 7

----- PAGE 37 -----
computers will outsmart us, we can still be the most creative. Because if we aren't, we won't be providing
much value in future ecosystems, and that may put in question the foundation for our existence.
51. What is the author's greatest concern about the use of AI?
A) Computers are performing lots of creative tasks.
B) Many abilities will cease to be unique to human beings.
C) Computers may become more rational than humans.
D) Many human skills are fast becoming outdated.
52. What impresses the author most in the field of AI?
A) Google's experimental driverless cars require little human intervention.
B) Google's cars have surpassed his driving ability in just a single year.
C) Google has made huge progress in autonomous driving in a short time.
D) Google has become a world leader in the field of autonomous driving.
53. What do we learn from the passage about creativity?
A) It is rational. 
C) It is human specific.
B) It is predictable. 
D) It is yet to be emulated by AI.
54. What should schools help children do in the era of AI?
A) Cultivate original thinking. 
C) Compete with smart machines.
B) Learn to work independently. 
D) Understand how AI works.
55. How can we humans justify our future existence?
A) By constantly outsmarting computers. 
C) By rationally compromising with AI.
B) By adopting a long-term perspective. 
D) By providing value with our creativity.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
汉语现在是世界上用作本族语人数最多的语言。汉语与西方语言的一个重要区别在于它
是以方块字(character)而不是以字母构成的。目前仍在使用的书写系统中，汉语是最古老的。
在中国，来自不同地区的人可能听不懂对方的方言，但由于汉字有统一的书写形式，他们交流起
来几乎没有任何困难。汉语历史上对团结中华民族发挥了重要作用。今天，随着中国经济的快
速增长和全球影响力的增强，越来越多其他国家的人也开始学习汉语。
6 • 8

----- PAGE 38 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
motivation and methods in learning. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！
