
----- PAGE 1 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
— Band Six一
（2016年6 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 2 -----
2016年6月大学英语六级考试真题第1套
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In 出is section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end o f each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
4) , B ) , C) and D ) . Then mark the corresponding letter on A n s w e r  S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Project organizer.
B) Public relations officer.
C) Marketing manager.
D) Market research consultant.
扫码获音频
2. A) Quantitative advertising research.
B) Questionnaire design.
C) Research methodology.
D) Interviewer training.
3. A) They are intensive studies of people's spending habits.
B) They examine relations between producers and customers.
C) They look for new and effective ways to promote products.
D) They study trends or customer satisfaction over a long period.
4. A) The lack of promotion opportunity. 
C) Designing questionnaires.
B) Checking charts and tables. 
D) The persistent intensity.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) His view on Canadian universities.
B) His understanding of higher education.
C) His suggestions for improvements in higher education.
D) His complaint about bureaucracy in American universities.
6. A) It is well designed. 
C) It varies among universities.
B) It is rather inflexible. 
D) It has undergone great changes.
7. A) The United States and Canada can learn from each other.
B) Public universities are often superior to private universities.
C) Everyone should be given equal access to higher education.
D) Private schools work more efficiently than public institutions.
1

----- PAGE 3 -----
8. A) University systems vary from country to country.
B) Efficiency is essential to university management.
C) It is hard to say which is better, a public university or a private one.
D) Many private universities in the US are actually large bureaucracies.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ) ,
C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Governments role in resolving an economic crisis.
B) The worsening real wage situation around the world.
C) Indications of economic recovery in the United States.
D) The impact of the current economic crisis on people's life.
10. A) They will feel less pressure to raise employees9 wages.
B) They will feel free to choose the most suitable employees.
C) They will feel inclined to expand their business operations.
D) They will feel more confident in competing with their rivals.
11. A) Employees and companies cooperate to pull through the economic crisis.
B) Government and companies join hands to create jobs for the unemployed.
C) Employees work shorter hours to avoid layoffs.
D) Team work will be encouraged in companies.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Whether memory supplements work.
B) Whether herbal medicine works wonders.
13. A) They help the elderly more than the young.
B) They are beneficial in one way or another.
14. A) They are available at most country fairs.
B) They are taken in relatively high dosage.
C) Whether exercise enhances one's memory.
D) Whether a magic memory promises success.
C) They generally do not have side effects.
D) They are not based on real science.
C) They are collected or grown by farmers.
D) They are prescribed by trained practitioners.
2

----- PAGE 4 -----
15. A) They have often proved to be as helpful as doing mental exercise.
B) Taking them with other medications might entail unnecessary risks.
C) Their effect lasts only a short time.
D) Many have benefited from them.
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) How catastrophic natural disasters turn out to be to developing nations.
B) How the World Meteorological Organization studies natural disasters.
C) How powerless humans appear to be in face of natural disasters.
D) How the negative impacts of natural disasters can be reduced.
17. A) By training rescue teams for emergencies.
B) By taking steps to prepare people for them.
C) By changing people's views of nature.
D) By relocating people to safer places.
18. A) How preventive action can reduce the loss of life.
B) How courageous Cubans are in face of disasters.
C) How Cubans suffer from tropical storms.
D) How destructive tropical storms can be.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Pay back their loans to the American government.
B) Provide loans to those in severe financial difficulty.
C) Contribute more to the goal of a wider recovery.
D) Speed up their recovery from the housing bubble.
20. A) Some banks may have to merge with others.
B) Many smaller regional banks are going to fail.
C) It will be hard for banks to provide more loans.
D) Many banks will have to lay off some employees.
3

----- PAGE 5 -----
21. A) It will work closely with the government. 
C) It will try to lower the interest rate.
B) It will endeavor to write off bad loans. 
D) It will try to provide more loans.
22. A) It won't help the American economy to turn around.
B) It won't do any good to the major commercial banks.
C) It will win the approval of the Obama administration.
D) It will be necessary if the economy starts to shrink again.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) Being unable to learn new things. 
C) Losing temper more and more often.
B) Being rather slow to make changes. 
D) Losing the ability to get on with others.
24. A) Cognitive stimulation. 
C) Balanced diet.
B) Community activity. 
D) Fresh air.
25. A) Ignoring the signs and symptoms of aging.
B) Adopting an optimistic attitude towards life.
C) Endeavoring to give up unhealthy lifestyles.
D) Seeking advice from doctors from time to time.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each
blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage
through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter.
Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a single line
through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Pursuing a career is an essential part of adolescent development. " The adolescent becomes an
adult when he 
26 
a real job." To cognitive researchers like Piaget, adulthood meant the
beginning of an 
27 
.
Piaget argued that once adolescents enter the world of work, their newly acquired ability to form
hypotheses allows them to create representations that are too ideal. The 
28 
of such ideals,
without the tempering of the reality of a job or profession, rapidly leads adolescents to become
29 
of the non-idealistic world and to press for reform in a characteristically adolescent way.
Piaget said: " True adaptation to society comes 
30 
when the adolescent reformer attempts to put
his ideas to work.”
Of course, youthful idealism is often courageous, and no one likes to give up dreams. Perhaps,
4

----- PAGE 6 -----
taken 
31 
out of context, Piagefs statement seems harsh. What he was 
32 
, however, is the way
reality can modify idealistic views. Some people refer to such modification as maturity. Piaget argued
that attaining and accepting a vocation is one of the best ways to modify idealized views and to mature.
As careers and vocations become less available during times of 
33 
, adolescents may be
especially hard hit. Such difificult economic times may leave many adolescents 
34 
about their roles in
society. For this reason, community interventions and government job programs that offer summer and
vacation work are not only economically 
35 
but also help to stimulate the adolescents sense of worth.
A) automatically
B) beneficial
C) capturing
D) confused
E) emphasizing
F) entrance
G) excited
H) existence
I) incidentally
J) intolerant
K) occupation
L) promises
M) recession
N) slightly
O) undertakes
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Can Societies Be Rich and Green?
[A] "If our economies are to flourish, if global poverty is to be eliminated and if the well-being of
the world's people enhanced—not just in this generation but in succeeding generations—we must
make sure we take care of the natural environment and resources on which our economic activity
depends." That statement comes not, as you might imagine, from a stereotypical tree-hugging,
save-the-world greenie (环保主义者)，but from Gordon Brown, a politician with a reputation for
rigor, thoroughness and above all, caution.
[B] A surprising thing for the man who runs one of the world's most powerful economies to say?
Perhaps; though in the run-up to the five-year review of the Millennium (千年的)Goals, he is far
from alone. The roots of his speech, given in March at the roundtable meeting of environment
and energy ministers from the G20 group of nations, stretch back to 1972, and the United Nations
Conference on the Human Environment in Stockholm.
5

----- PAGE 7 -----
[C] " The protection and improvement of the human environment is a major issue which affects the
well-being of peoples and economic development throughout the world,“ read the final
declaration from this gathering, the first of a sequence which would lead to the Rio de Janeiro
Earth Summit in 1992 and the World Development Summit in Johannesburg three years ago.
[D] Hunt through the reports prepared by UN agencies and development groups- many for
conferences such as this year's Millennium Goals review- and you will find that the linkage
between environmental protection and economic progress is a common thread.
[E] Managing ecosystems sustainably is more profitable than exploiting them, according to the
Millennium Ecosystem Assessment. But finding hard evidence to support the thesis is not so easy.
Thoughts turn first to some sort of global statistic, some indicator which would rate the wealth of
nations in both economic and environmental terms and show a relationship between the two.
[F] If such an indicator exists, it is well hidden. And on reflection, this is not surprising; the single
wordu environmentM has so many dimensions, and there are so many other factors affecting
wealth- such as the oil deposits- that teasing out a simple economy-environment relationship
would be almost impossible.
[G] The Millennium Ecosystem Assessment, a vast four-year global study which reported its initial
conclusions earlier this year, found reasons to believe that managing ecosystems sustainably一
working with nature rather than against it—might be less profitable in the short term, but
certainly brings long-term rewards.
[H] And the World Resources Institute （WRI） in its World Resources 2005 report, issued at the end of
August, produced several such examples from Africa and Asia; it also demonstrated that
environmental degradation affects the poor more than the rich, as poorer people derive a much
higher proportion of their income directly from the natural resources around them.
[I] But there are also many examples of growing wealth by trashing the environment, in rich and poor
parts of the world alike, whether through unregulated mineral extraction, drastic water use for
agriculture, slash-and-bum farming, or fossil-fiiel-gu^Zmg （大量消耗）transport. Of course, such
growth may not persist in the long term-  which is what Mr. Brown and the Stockholm
declaration were both attempting to point out. Perhaps the best example of boom growth and bust
decline is the Grand Banks fishery. For almost five centuries a very large supply of cod （i t  鱼）
provided abundant raw material for an industry which at its peak employed about 40,000 people,
sustaining entire communities in Newfoundland. Then, abruptly, the cod population collapsed.
There were no longer enough fish in the sea for the stock to maintain itself, let alone an industry.
More than a decade later, there was no sign of the ecosystem re-building itself. It had, apparently,
been fished out of existence; and the once mighty Newfoundland fleet now gropes about
frantically for crab on the sea floor.
6

----- PAGE 8 -----
[J] There is a view that modem humans are inevitably sowing the seeds of a global Grand Banks-
style disaster. The idea is that we are taking more out of what you might call the planets
environmental bank balance than it can sustain; we are living beyond our ecological means. One
recent study attempted to calculate the extent of this “ ecological overshoot of the human
economy,“ and found that we are using 1.2 Earth's-worth of environmental goods and services一
the implication being that at some point the debt will be called in, and all those services- the
things which the planet does for us for free- will grind to a halt.
[K] Whether this is right, and if so where and when the ecological axe will fall, is hard to determine with
any precision- which is why governments and financial institutions are only beginning to bring such
risks into their economic calculations. It is also the reason why development agencies are not united in
their view of environmental issues; while some, like the WRI, maintain that environmental progress
needs to go hand-in-hand with economic development, others argue that the priority is to build a
thriving economy, and then use the wealth created to tackle environmental degradation.
[L] This view assumes that rich societies will invest in environmental care. But is this right? Do
things get better or worse as we get richer? Here the Stockholm declaration is ambiguous. u In the
developing countries,“ it says, “ most of the environmental problems are caused by under­
development.5 J So it is saying that economic development should make for a cleaner world? Not
necessarily. " In the industrialised countries, environmental problems are generally related to
industrialisation and technological development/5 it continues. In other words, poor and rich both
over-exploit the natural world, but for different reasons. It's simply not true that economic growth
will surely make our world cleaner.
[M] Clearly, richer societies are able to provide environmental improvements which lie well beyond
the reach of poorer communities. Citizens of wealthy nations demand national parks, clean rivers,
clean air and poison-free food. They also, however, use far more natural resources- fuel, water
(all those baths and golf courses) and building materials.
[N] A case can be made that rich nations export environmental problems, the most graphic example
being climate change. As a country's wealth grows, so do its greenhouse gas emissions. The
figures available will not be completely accurate. Measuring emissions is not a precise science,
particularly when it comes to issues surrounding land use; not all nations have released up-to-date
data, and in any case, emissions from some sectors such as aviation are not included in national
statistics. But the data is exact enough for a clear trend to be easily discernible. As countries
become richer, they produce more greenhouse gases; and the impact of those gases will fall
primarily in poor parts of the world.
[O] Wealth is not, of course, the only factor involved. The average Norwegian is better off than the
average US citizen, but contributes about half as much to climate change. But could Norway keep
its standard of living and yet cut its emissions to Moroccan or even Ethiopian levels? That
7

----- PAGE 9 -----
question, repeated across a dozen environmental issues and across our diverse planet, is what will
ultimately determine whether the human race is living beyond its ecological means as it pursues
economic revival.
36. Examples show that both rich and poor countries exploited the environment for economic progress.
37. Environmental protection and improvement benefit people all over the world.
38. It is not necessarily true that economic growth will make our world cleaner.
39. The common theme of the UN reports is the relation between environmental protection and
economic growth.
40. Development agencies disagree regarding how to tackle environment issues while ensuring
economic progress.
41. It is difficult to find solid evidence to prove environmental friendliness generates more profits than
exploiting the natural environment.
42. Sustainable management of ecosystems will prove rewarding in the long run.
43. A politician noted for being cautious asserts that sustainable human development depends on the
natural environment.
44. Poor countries will have to bear the cost for rich nations' economic development.
45. One recent study warns us of the danger of the exhaustion of natural resources on Earth.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are two passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Interactive television advertising, which allows viewers to use their remote controls to click on
advertisements, has been pushed for years. Nearly a decade ago it was predicted that viewers of
“Friends,“ a popular situation comedy, would soon be able to purchase a sweater like Jennifer
Aniston's with a few taps on their remote control. "It's been the year of interactive television
advertising for the last ten or twelve years J  says Colin Dixon of a digital-media consultancy.
8

----- PAGE 10 -----
So the news that Cablevision, an American cable company, was rolling out interactive
advertisements to all its customers on October 6th was greeted with some skepticism. During
commercials, an overlay will appear at the bottom of the screen, prompting viewers to press a button
to request a free sample or order a catalogue. Cablevision hopes to allow customers to buy things
with their remote controls early next year.
Television advertising could do with a boost. Spending fell by 10% in the first half of the year.
The popularization of digital video recorders has caused advertisers to worry that their commercials
will be skipped. Some are turning to the Internet, which is cheaper and offers concrete measurements
like click-through rates—especially important at a time when marketing budgets are tight. With the
launch of interactive advertising, “ many of the dollars that went to the Internet will come back to the
TV,“ says David Kline of Cablevision. Or so the industry hopes.
In theory, interactive advertising can engage viewers in a way that 30-second spots do not.
Unilever recently ran an interactive campaign for its Axe deodorant (除臭剂)，which kept viewers
engaged for more than three minutes on average.
The amount spent on interactive advertising on television is still small. Magna, an advertising
agency, reckons it will be worth about $ 138 million this year. That falls far short of the billions of
dollars people once expected it to generate. But DirecTV, Comcast and Time Warner Cable have all
invested in it. A new effort led by Canoe Ventures, a coalition of leading cable providers, aims to make
interactive advertising available across America later this year. BrightLine iTV, which designs and sells
interactive ads, says interest has surged: it expects its revenues almost to triple this year. BSkyB,
Britain's biggest satellite-television service, already provides 9 million customers with interactive ads.
Yet there are doubts whether people watching television, a u lean back” medium, crave interaction.
Click-through rates have been high so far (around 3 - 4% , compared with less than 0.3% online), but
that may be a result of the novelty. Interactive ads and viewers might not go well together.
46. What does Colin Dixon mean by saying "It's been the year of interactive television advertising
for the last ten or twelve years” (Lines 4 - 5 ,  Para.l)?
A) Interactive television advertising will become popular in 10-12 years.
B) Interactive television advertising has been under debate for the last decade or so.
C) Interactive television advertising is successful when incorporated into situation comedies.
D) Interactive television advertising has not achieved the anticipated results.
47. What is the public's response to Cablevision's planned interactive TV advertising program?
A) Pretty positive. 
C) Somewhat doubtful.
B) Totally indifferent. 
D) Rather critical.
48. What is the impact of the wide use of digital video recorders on TV advertising?
A) It has made TV advertising easily accessible to viewers.
B) It helps advertisers to measure the click-through rates.
C) It has placed TV advertising at a great disadvantage.
D) It enables viewers to check the sales items with ease.
9

----- PAGE 11 -----
49. What do we learn about Unilevefs interactive campaign?
A) It proves the advantage of TV advertising.
B) It has done well in engaging the viewers.
C) It helps attract investments in the company.
D) It has boosted the TV advertising industry.
50. How does the author view the hitherto high click-through rates?
A) They may be due to the novel way of advertising.
B) They signify the popularity of interactive advertising.
C) They point to the growing curiosity of TV viewers.
D) They indicate the future direction of media reform.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
What can be done about mass unemployment? All the wise heads agree: there^e no quick or
easy answers. There's work to be done, but workers aren't ready to do it- they're in the wrong places,
or they have the wrong skills. Our problems are “structural,“ and will take many years to solve.
But don't bother asking for evidence that justifies this bleak view. There isn't any. On the contrary,
all the facts suggest that high unemployment in America is the result of inadequate demand. Saying that
there're no easy answers sounds wise, but it's actually foolish: our unemployment crisis could be cured
very quickly if we had the intellectual clarity and political will to act. In other words, structural
unemployment is a fake problem, which mainly serves as an excuse for not pursing real solutions.
The fact is job openings have plunged in every major sector, while the number of workers forced
into part-time employment in almost all industries has soared. Unemployment has surged in every
major occupational category. Only three states, with a combined population not much larger than that
of Brooklyn, have unemployment rates below 5% . So the evidence contradicts the claim that we're
mainly suffering from structural unemployment. Why, then, has this claim become so popular?
Part of the answer is that this is what always happens during periods of high unemployment- in
part because experts and analysts believe that declaring the problem deeply rooted, with no easy
answers, makes them sound serious.
I've been looking at what self-proclaimed experts were saying about unemployment during the
Great Depression; it was almost identical to what Very Serious People are saying now. Unemployment
cannot be brought down rapidly, declared one 1935 analysis, because the workforce is u unadaptable
and untrained. It cannot respond to the opportunities which industry may offer." A few years later, a
large defense buildup finally provided a fiscal stimulus adequate to the economy's needs- and
suddenly industry was eager to employ those u unadaptable and untrained” workers.
But now, as then, powerful forces are ideologically opposed to the whole idea of government
action on a sufficient scale to jump-start the economy. And that, fundamentally, is why claims that we
face huge structural problems have been multiplying: they offer a reason to do nothing about the mass
io

----- PAGE 12 -----
unemployment that is crippling our economy and our society.
So what you need to know is that there's no evidence whatsoever to back these claims. We aren't
suffering from a shortage of needed skills; we're suffering from a lack of policy resolve. As I said,
structural unemployment isn't a real problem, it's an excuse- a reason not to act on America's
problems at a time when action is desperately needed.
51. What does the author think is the root cause of mass unemployment in America?
A) Corporate mismanagement. 
C) Technological advances.
B) Insufficient demand. 
D) Workers' slow adaptation.
52. What does the author think of the experts5 claim concerning unemployment?
A) Self-evident. 
C) Irrational.
B) Thought-provoking. 
D) Groundless.
53. What does the author say helped bring down unemployment during the Great Depression?
A) The booming defense industry. 
C) Nationwide training of workers.
B) The wise heads' benefit package. 
D) Thorough restructuring of industries.
54. What has caused claims of huge structural problems to multiply?
A) Powerful opposition to governments stimulus efforts.
B) Very Serious People's attempt to cripple the economy.
C) Evidence gathered from many sectors of the industries.
D) Economists' failure to detect the problems in time.
55. What is the author's purpose in writing the passage?
A) To testify to the experts' analysis of America's problems.
B) To offer a feasible solution to the structural unemployment.
C) To show the urgent need for the government to take action.
D) To alert American workers to the urgency for adaptation.
Part IV
T ranslation
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A n sw er S h e e t 2.
中国的创新正以前所未有的速度蓬勃发展Q 为了在科学技术上尽快赶超世界发达国家，中
国近年来大幅度增加了研究开发资金。中国的大学和研究所正在积极开展创新研究，这些研究
覆盖了从大数据到生物化学、从新能源到机器人等各类高科技领域。它们还与各地的科技园合
作,使创新成果商业化。与此同时,无论在产品还是商业模式上，中国企业家也在努力争做创新
的先锋，以适应国内外消费市场不断变化和增长的需求。
11

----- PAGE 13 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part 1 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on living in the virtual
world. Try to imagine what will happen when people spend more and more time in the
virtual world instead of interacting in the real world. You are required to write at least
150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
——
姓 
名:_______________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！
12

----- PAGE 14 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
— Band Six一
（2016年6 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 15 -----
2016年6月大学英语六级考试真题第2套
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
4) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) The project the man managed at Cucin Tech.
B) The updating of technology at Cucin Tech.
C) The man's switch to a new career.
D) The restructuring of her company.
扫码获音频
2. A) Talented personnel.
B) Strategic innovation.
3. A) Expand the market.
B) Recruit more talents.
4. A) Possible bankruptcy.
B) Unforeseen difficulties.
C) Competitive products.
D) Effective promotion.
C) Innovate constantly.
D) Watch out fbr his competitors.
C) Conflicts within the company.
D) Imitation by one's competitors.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) The job of an interpreter.
B) The stress felt by professionals.
C) The importance of language proficiency.
D) The best way to effective communication.
6. A) Promising.
B) Admirable.
C) Rewarding.
D) Meaningful.
7. A) They all have a strong interest in language.
B) They all have professional qualifications.
C) They have all passed language proficiency tests.
D) They have all studied cross-cultural differences.
8 .A) It requires a much larger vocabulary.
B) It attaches more importance to accuracy.
C) It is more stressful than simultaneous interpreting.
D) It puts one's long-term memory under more stress.
1

----- PAGE 16 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ) ,
C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It might affect mother's health.
B)it might disturb infants' sleep.
C) It might increase the risk of infants5 death.
D) It might increase mothers' mental distress.
10. A) Mothers who breast-feed their babies have a harder time falling asleep.
B) Mothers who sleep with their babies need a little more sleep each night.
C) Sleeping patterns of mothers greatly aflect their newborn babies' health.
D) Sleeping with infants in the same room has a negative impact on mothers.
11. A) Change their sleep patterns to adapt to their newborn babies'.
B) Sleep in the same room but not in the same bed as their babies.
C) Sleep in the same house but not in the same room as their babies.
D) Take precautions to reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) A lot of native languages have already died out in the US.
B) The US ranks first in the number of endangered languages.
C) The efforts to preserve Indian language have proved fruitless.
D) More money is needed to record the native language in the US.
13. A) To set up more language schools. 
C) To educate native American children
B) To document endangered languages. 
D) To revitalise America's native languages.
14. A) The US govemmenfs policy of Americanising Indian children.
B) The failure of American Indian languages to gain an official status.
C) The US governments unwillingness to spend money educating Indians.
D) The long-time isolation of American Indians from the outside world.
15. A) It is being utilised to teach native languages.
B) It tells traditional stories during family time.
C) It speeds up the extinction of native languages.
D) It is widely used in language immersion schools.
2

----- PAGE 17 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It pays them up to half of their previous wages while they look for work.
B) It covers their mortgage payments and medical expenses for 99 weeks.
C) It pays their living expenses until they find employment again.
D) It provides them with the basic necessities of everyday life.
17. A) Creating jobs for the huge army of unemployed workers.
B) Providing training and guidance for unemployed workers.
C) Convincing local lawmakers to extend unemployment benefits.
D) Raising funds to help those having no unemployment insurance.
18. A) To offer them loans they need to start their own businesses.
B) To allow them to postpone their monthly mortgage payments.
C) To create more jobs by encouraging private investments in local companies.
D) To encourage big businesses to hire back workers with government subsidies
.Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They measured the depths of sea water. 
C) They explored the ocean floor.
B) They analyzed the water content. 
D) They investigated the ice.
20. A) Eighty percent of the ice disappears in summer time.
B) Most of the ice was accumulated over the past centuries.
C) The ice ensures the survival of many endangered species.
D) The ice decrease is more evident than previously thought.
21. A) Arctic ice is a major source of the worlds' fresh water.
B) The melting Arctic ice has drowned many coastal cities.
C) The decline of Arctic ice is irreversible.
D) Arctic ice is essential to human survival.
22. A) It will do a lot of harm to mankind. 
C) It will advance nuclear technology.
B) There is no easy way to understand it. 
D) There is no easy technological solution to it.
3

----- PAGE 18 -----
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) The reason why New Zealand children seem to have better self-control.
B) The relation between children's self-control and their future success.
C) The health problems of children raised by a single parent.
D) The deciding factor in children's academic performance.
24. A) Children raised by single parents will have a hard time in their thirties.
B) Those with a criminal record mostly come from single parent families.
C) Parents must learn to exercise self-control in front of their children.
D) Lack of self-control in parents is a disadvantage for their children.
25. A) Self-control can be improved through education.
B) Self-control can improve one's financial situation.
C) Self-control problems may be detected early in children.
D) Self-control problems will diminish as one grows up.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Let's say you love roller-skating. Just the thought of 
26 
on your roller-skates brings a smile
to your face. You also know that roller-skating is excellent exercise. You have a 
27 
attitude
toward it.
This description of roller-skating 
28 
the three components of an attitude: affect, cognition,
and behavior. You love the activity; it's great fun. These feelings 
29 
the affective or emotional
component; they are an important ingredient in attitudes. The knowledge we have about the object
constitutes the cognitive component of an attitude. You understand the health 
30 
that the activity
can bring. Finally, attitudes have a behavioral component. Our attitudes 
31 
us to go outside to
enjoy roller-skating.
Now, we don't want to leave you with the 
32 
that these three components always work
together 
33 
. They don't; sometimes they clash. For example, let's say you love pizza (affective
component); however, you have high cholesterol and understand (knowledge component) that eating
pizza may be bad for your health. Which behavior will your attitude result in, eating pizza or 
34
it? The answer depends on which component happens to be stronger. If you are walking past a pizza
restaurant at lunchtime, your emotions and feelings probably will be stronger than your knowledge
that pizza may not be the best food for your health. In that instance, you have pizza for lunch. If you
are at home trying to decide where to go for dinner, however, the knowledge component may
35 
, and you decide to go where you can eat a healthier meal.
4

----- PAGE 19 -----
A) avoiding
B) benefits
C) highlight
D) illustrates
E) impression
F) improves
G) inquiring
H) perfectly
I) positive
J) prevail
K) primarily
L) prompt
M) specifications
N) strapping
O) typical
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains infarmation given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
The Changing Generation
[A] It turns out today's teenagers aren't so scary after all. Results of USA WEEKEND'S Teens &
Parents survey reveal a generation of young people who get along well with their parents and
approve of the way they're being raised. They think of their parents with affection and respect.
They speak with Mom or Dad when they have a problem. Most feel that their parents understand
them, and they believe their family is the No. 1 priority in their parents' lives. Many even think
their parents are cool! Although more than a third have an object in their rooms they would like
to keep secret from their parents, rarely is it anything more alarming than a diary or off-color (低
俗的)book or CD.
[B] Such results may seem surprising against the background of shocking incidents that color the way
the mass media portray the young. In October 2000, the same month the survey was taken, the
Washington-based Center for Media and Public Affairs wrote in its publication Media Monitor
that, in a recent month of TV news coverage of American youth, just 2% of teens were shown at
home, and just 1% were portrayed in a work setting. In contrast, the criminal justice system
accounted for nearly one out of every five visual backgrounds. No wonder parents worry their
own kids might spin out of control once they hit the turbulent waters of adolescence.
[C] The overall facts ought to reassure us. The survey shows us that today's teens are affectionate, sensible
and far happier than the angry and tortured souls that have been painted for us by stereotypes. From
other sources, we also know teenage crime, drug abuse and premarital sex are in general decline. We,
5

----- PAGE 20 -----
of course, need to pay attention to youngsters who are filled with discontent and hostility, but we
should not allow these extreme cases to distort our view of most young people.
[D] My own research at the Stanford Center on Adolescence uses in-depth interviews with small
samples of youngsters rather than large-scale surveys. Still, in my studies and others I have read,
I find the same patterns as in USA WEEKEND'S survey. Toda/s teenagers admire their parents
and welcome parental guidance about important matters such as career choice- though certainly
not Mom and Dad's advice on matters of personal taste, such as music or fashion. When we ask
teens to choose a hero, they usually select an older family member rather than a remote public
figure. Most teens say they enjoy the company of both parents and friends.
[E] Contrary to some stereotypes, most adolescents believe they must be tolerant of differences among
individuals （though they do not always find this easy in the cliquish （拉帮结派的）environment of
high school）. Many of them volunteer for community service with disadvantaged people. One
prevalent quality we have found in teens' statements about themselves, their friends and their
families is a strikingly positive emotional tone. By and large, these are very nice kids, and as the
band The Who used to sing, “The kids are alright.v
[F] How much is today's spirit of harmony a change from our more turbulent past? A mere generation
ago, parent-child relations were described as “ the generation gap." Yet even then reports of
widespread youth rebellion were overdone: Most kids in the '60s and '70s shared their parents9
basic values. Still, it is trae that American families are growing closer at the dawn of this new
millennium （千年）. Perhaps there is less to fight about, with the country in a period of tranquility
and the dangers of drug abuse and other unwholesome behavior well known. Perhaps in the face
of impersonal and intimidating globalization, a young person's family feels more like a friendly
haven than an oppressive trap. And perhaps parents are acting more like parents than in the recent
past. Within just the past five years. I have noticed parents returning to a belief that teenagers
need the guidance of elders rather than the liberal, u anything goes” mode of child-rearing that
became popular in the second half of the 20th century.
[G] But missing from all these data is the sense that today's young care very much about their
country, about the broader civic and political environment, or about the future of their society.
They seem to be turning inward-generally in a pro-social manner, certainly with positive benefits
for intimate relationships, but too often at the expense of a connection with the present and future
world beyond, including the society they will one day inherit.
[H] Recently, we examined more than 400 essays on the “ laws of life” that teens from two
communities had written as part of an educational program initiated by the John Templeton
Foundation in Radnor, Pa. In those essays, and in follow-up interviews with a few of the
6

----- PAGE 21 -----
teenagers, we found lots of insight, positive feeling and inspirational thinking. But we also found
little interest in civic life beyond the tight circles of their family and immediate friends.
[I] For example, only one boy said he would like to be president when he grows up. When I was in
high school, dozens in my class alone would have answered differently. In fact, other recent
studies have found there has never been a time in American history when so small a proportion of
young people have sought or accepted leadership roles in local civic organizations. It is also
troubling that voting rates among our youngest eligible voters— 18-to 24-year-olds-
are way
down: Little more than one in four now go to the polls, even in national elections, compared with
almost twice that many when 18-year-olds were first given the vote.
[J] In our interviews, many students viewed politics with suspicion and distaste. ""Most politicians are kind
of crooked (不诚实的)J  one student declared. Another, discussing national politics, said, “I feel like
one person can't do that much, and I get the impression most people don't think a group of people can
do that much.” Asked what they would like to change in the world, the students mentioned only
personal concerns such as slowing down the pace of life, gaining good friends, becoming more
spiritual, becoming either more materially successful or less materially oriented (depending on the
studenfs values), and being more respectful of the Earth, animals and other people. One boy said, "I'd
rather be concentrating on artistic efforts than saving the world or something.”
[K] It is fine and healthy for teens to cultivate their personal interests, and it is good news when
young people enjoy harmonious relations with their family and friends. But there is also a place
in a young life for noble purposes that include a dedication to the broader society, a love of
country and an aspiration to make their own leadership contributions.
[L] In the past, the young have eagerly participated in national service and civic affairs, often with
lots of energy and idealism. If this is not happening today, we should ask why. Our society needs
the full participation of its younger citizens if it is to continue to thrive. We know the promise is
there- this is a well-grounded, talented, warm-hearted group of youngsters. We have everything
to gain by encouraging them to explore the world beyond their immediate experience and to
prepare themselves for their turn at shaping that world.
36. Not many young people eligible fbr voting are interested in local or national elections these days.
37. Parents are concerned that their children may get involved in criminal offences once they reach
their teens.
38. Even during the turbulent years of last century, youth rebellion was often exaggerated in the media.
7

----- PAGE 22 -----
39. Teenagers of today often turn to their parents for advice on such important matters as career choice.
40. The incidence of teenage crime and misbehavior is decreasing nowadays.
41. Young people should have lofty ideals in life and strive to be leaders.
42. Some young people like to keep something to themselves and don't want their parents to know
about it.
43. It is beneficial to encourage young people to explore the broader word and get ready to make it a
better place.
44. Many teenagers now offer to render service to the needy.
45. Interviews with students find many of them are only concerned about personal matters.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet
2 with a single line through the center.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Manufacturers of products that claim to be environmentally friendly will face tighter rules on
how they are advertised to consumers under changes proposed by the Federal Trade Commission.
The commission's revised “Green Guides” warn marketers against using labels that make broad
claims, like a eco-friendly.v Marketers must qualify their claims on the product packaging and limit
them to a specific benefit, such as how much of the product is recycled.
“This is really about trying to cut through the confusion that consumers have when they are
buying a product and that businesses have when they are selling a product,“ said Jon Leibowitz,
chairman of the commission.
The revisions come at a time when green marketing is on the rise. According to a new study, the
number of advertisements with green messages in mainstream magazines has risen since 1987, and
peaked in 2008 at 10.4%. In 2009, the number dropped to 9% .
But while the number of advertisements may have dipped, there has been a rapid spread of
eco-labeling. There are both good and bad players in the eco-labeling game.
In the last five years or so, there has been an explosion of green claims and environmental
claims. It is clear that consumers don't always know what they are getting.
8

----- PAGE 23 -----
A handful of lawsuits have been filed in recent years against companies accused of using
misleading environmental labels. In 2008 and 2009, class-action lawsuits (集体诉讼)were filed
against SC Johnson for using “Greenlist” labels on its cleaning products. The lawsuits said that the
label was misleading because it gave the impression that the products had been certified by a third
party when the certification was the company's own.
“ We are very proud of our accomplishments under the Greenlist system and we believe that we
will prevail in these cases,“ Christopher Beard, director of public affairs for SC Johnson, said, while
acknowledging that u this has been an area that is difficult to navigate.n
Companies have also taken it upon themselves to contest each othefs green claims.
David Mallen, associate director of the Council of Better Business Bureau, said in the last two
years the organization had seen an increase in the number of claims companies were bringing against
each other for false or misleading environmental product claims.
u About once a week, I have a client that will bring up a new certification I've never even heard of
and I'm in this industry；' said Kevin Wilhelm, chief executive officer of Sustainable Business Consulting.
“It's kind of a Wild West, anybody can claim themselves to be green." Mr. Mlhelm said the excess of
labels made it difficult fbr businesses and consumers to know which labels they should pay attention to.
46. What do the revised “Green Guides” require businesses to do?
A) Manufacture as many green products as possible.
B) Indicate whether their products are recyclable.
C) Specify in what way their products are green.
D) Attach green labels to all of their products.
47. What does the author say about consumers facing an explosion of green claims?
A) They can easily see through the businesses9 tricks.
B) They have to spend lots of time choosing products.
C) They have doubt about current green certification.
D) They are not clear which products are truly green.
48. What was SC Johnson accused of in the class-action lawsuits?
A) It gave consumers the impression that all its products were truly green.
B) It gave a third party the authority to label its products as environmentally friendly.
C) It misled consumers to believe that its products had been certified by a third party.
D) It sold cleaning products that were not included in the official "Greenlist.”
49. How did Christopher Beard defend his company's labeling practice?
A) There were no clear guidelines concerning green labeling.
B) His company's products had been well received by the public.
C) It was in conformity to the prevailing practice in the market.
D) No law required the involvement of a third party in certification.
9

----- PAGE 24 -----
50. What does Kevin Wilhelm imply by saying "It's kind of a Wild Westn (Line 3, Para. 11)?
A) Businesses compete to produce green products.
B) Each business acts its own way in green labeling.
C) Consumers grow wild with products labeled green.
D) Anything produced in the West can be labeled green.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
America's education system has become less a ladder of opportunity than a structure to transmit
inequality from one generation to the next.
Thafs why school reform is so critical. This is an issue of equality, opportunity and national
conscience. It's not just about education, but about poverty and justice.
It's true that the main reason inner-city schools do poorly isn't teachers9 unions, but poverty.
Southern states without strong teachers5 unions have schools at least as awful as those in union states.
Some Chicago teachers seem to think that they shouldn't be held accountable until poverty is solved.
There're steps we can take that would make some difference, and Mayor Rahm Emanuel is trying
some of them—yet the union is resisting.
rd be sympathetic if the union focused solely on higher compensation. Teachers need to be
much better paid to attract the best college graduates to the nation's worst schools. But, instead, the
Chicago union seems to be using its political capital primarily to protect weak performers.
There9s solid evidence that there are huge differences in the effectiveness of teachers. The gold
standard study by Harvard and Columbia University scholars found that even in high-poverty schools,
teachers consistently had a huge positive or negative impact.
Get a bottom 1 % teacher, and the effect is the same as if a child misses 40% of the school year.
Get a teacher from the top 20%，and it's as if a child has gone to school fbr an extra month or two.
The study found that strong teachers in the fourth through eighth grades raised the skills of their
students in ways that would last for decades. Just having a strong teacher for one elementary year left
pupils a bit less likely to become mothers as teenagers, a bit more likely to go to college and earning
more money at age 28.
How does one figure out who is a weak teacher? Yes, thafs a challenge. But researchers are
improving systems to measure a teachefs performance throughout the year, and, with three years of
data, it's usually possible to tell which teachers are failing.
Unfortunately, the union in Chicago is insisting that teachers who are laid off- often for being
ineffective- should get priority in new hiring. That's an insult to students.
Teaching is so important that it should be like other professions, with high pay and good
working conditions but few job protections for bottom performers.
This isn't a battle between garment workers and greedy bosses. The central figures in the
Chicago schools strike are neither strikers nor managers but 350,000 children. Protecting the union
demand sacrifices those students, in effect turning a blind eye to the injustice in the education system.
10

----- PAGE 25 -----
51. What do we learn about America's education system?
A) It provides a ladder of opportunity for the wealthy.
B) It contributes little to the elimination of inequality.
C) It has remained basically unchanged fbr generations.
D) It has brought up generations of responsible citizens.
52. What is chiefly responsible fbr the undesirable performance of inner-city schools?
A) Unqualified teachers. 
C) Unfavorable learning environment.
B) Lack of financial resources. 
D) Subconscious racial discrimination.
53. What does the author think the union should do to win popular support?
A) Assist the city government in reforming schools.
B) Give constructive advice to inner-city schools.
C) Demand higher pay for teachers.
D) Help teachers improve teaching.
54. What is the finding of the gold standard study by Harvard and Columbia University scholars?
A) Many inner-city school teachers are not equal to their jobs.
B) A large proportion of inner-city children often miss classes.
C) Many students are dissatisfied with their teachers.
D) Students performance has a lot to do with teachers.
55. Why does the author say the Chicago union's demand is an insult to students?
A) It protects incompetent teachers at the expense of students.
B) It underestimates students' ability to tell good teachers from poor ones.
C) It makes students feel that they are discriminated against in many ways.
D) It totally ignores students9 initiative in the learning process.
Part IV
T ranslation
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A n sw er S h e e t 2
旗胞(qipao)是一种雅致的中国服装，源于中国的遒族(Manchu Nationality)。在清代，旗
袍是森女性穿着的宽松长袍。上世纪2 0 年代，受西岳嬴?影响，旗袍发生了一些变化。袖口
(cuffs)变窄，袍身变短。这些变化使女性美得以充分展现。
如今，旗袍经常出现在世界级的时装秀上。中国女性出席重要社交聚会时,旗袍往往是她
们的首选。很多中国新娘也会选择旗袍作为结婚礼服。一些有影响的人士甚至建议将旗袍作
为中国女性的民族服饰。
11

----- PAGE 26 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part 1 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the use o f robots.
Try to imagine what will happen when more and more robots take the place of human
beings in industry as well as people's daily lives. You are required to write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息
准考证号：
 
」
姓 
名:_______________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！
12

----- PAGE 27 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
— Band Six一
（2016年6 月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 28 -----
2016年6月大学英语六级考试真题第3套
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
^ < « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « « ^
l 
特别说明 
1
l 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
I
I 第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
M^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » > ^ 1
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each
blank from a list of choices given in a word bank fallowing the passage. Read the passage
through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter.
Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a single line
through the center. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The robotics revolution is set to bring humans face to face with an old fear- man-made
creations as smart and capable as we are but without a moral compass. As robots take on ever more
complex roles, the question naturally 
26 
: Who will be responsible when they do something
wrong? Manufacturers? Users? Software writers? The answer depends on the robot.
Robots already save us time, money and energy. In the future, they will improve our health care,
social welfare and standard of living. The 
27 
of computational power and engineering advances
will 
28 
enable lower-co st in-home care fbr the disabled, 
29 
use of driverless cars that may
reduce drunk- and distracted-driving accidents and countless home and service-industry uses for
robots, from street cleaning to food preparation.
But there are 
30 
to be problems. Robot cars will crash. A drone (遥控飞行器)operator will
31 
someone's privacy. A robotic lawn mower will run over a neighbor's cat. Juries sympathetic
to the 
32 
of machines will punish entrepreneurs with company-crushing 
33 
and damages.
What should governments do to protect people while 
34 
space for innovation?
Big, complicated systems on which much public safety depends, like driverless cars, should be
built, 
35 
and sold by manufacturers who take responsibility for ensuring safety and are liable for
1

----- PAGE 29 -----
accidents. Governments should set safety requirements and then let insurers price the risk of the
robots based on the manufacturers driving record, not the passengers.
A) arises
B) ascends
C) bound
D) combination
E) definite
F) eventually
G) interfere
H) invade
I) manifesting
J) penalties
K) preserving
L) programmed
M) proximately
N) victims
O) widespread
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er Sheet 2.
Reform and Medical Costs
[A] Americans are deeply concerned about the relentless rise in health care costs and health insurance
premiums. They need to know if reform will help solve the problem. The answer is that no one
has an easy fix for rising medical costs. The fundamental fix—reshaping how care is delivered
and how doctors are paid in a wasteful, abnormal system- is likely to be achieved only through
trial and error and incremental (渐进的)gains.
[B] The good news is that a bill just approved by the House and a bill approved by the Senate
Finance Committee would implement or test many reforms that should help slow the rise in
medical costs over the long term. As a report in The New England Journal of Medicine concluded,
u Pretty much every proposed innovation found in the health policy literature these days is
contained in these measures.n
[C] Medical spending, which typically rises faster than wages and the overall economy, is propelled
by two things: the high prices charged for medical services in this country and the volume of
unnecessary care delivered by doctors and hospitals, which often perform a lot more tests and
treatments than a patient really needs.
[D] Here are some of the important proposals in the House and Senate bills to try to address those
problems, and why it is hard to know how well they will work.
2

----- PAGE 30 -----
[E] Both bills would reduce the rate of growth in annual Medicare payments to hospitals, nursing
homes and other providers by amounts comparable to the productivity savings routinely made in
other industries with the help of new technologies and new ways to organize work. This proposal
could save Medicare more than $ 100 billion over the next decade. If private plans demanded
similar productivity savings from providers, and refused to let providers shift additional costs to
them, the savings could be much larger. Critics say Congress will give in to lobbyists and let
inefficient providers off the hook （放过）.That is far less likely to happen if Congress also adopts
strong “pay-go” rules requiring that any increase in payments to providers be offset by new taxes
or budget cuts.
[F] The Senate Finance bill would impose an excise tax （7肖费税）on health insurance plans that cost
more than $ 8,000 for an individual or $ 21,000 for a family. It would most likely cause insurers
to redesign plans to fall beneath the threshold. Enrollees would have to pay more money fbr many
services out of their own pockets, and that would encourage them to think twice about whether an
expensive or redundant test was worth it. Economists prqject that most employers would shift
money from expensive health benefits into wages, The House bill has no similar tax. The final
legislation should.
[G] Any doctor who has wrestled with multiple forms from different insurers, or patients who have
tried to understand their own parade of statements, know that simplification ought to save money.
When the health insurance industry was still cooperating in reform efforts, its trade group offered
to provide standardized forms for automated processing. It estimated that step would save
hundreds of billions of dollars over the next decade. The bills would lock that pledge into law.
[H] The stimulus package provided money to convert the inefficient, paper-driven medical system to
electronic records that can be easily viewed and transmitted. This requires open investments to
help doctors convert. In time it should help restrain costs by eliminating redundant tests,
preventing drug interactions, and helping doctors find the best treatments.
[I] Virtually all experts agree that the fee-for-service system- doctors are rewarded for the quantity of
care rather than its quality or effectiveness- is a primary reason that the cost of care is so high.
Most agree that the solution is to push doctors to accept fixed payments to care fbr a particular
illness or for a patienfs needs over a year. No one knows how to make that happen quickly. The
bills in both houses would start pilot projects within Medicare. They include such measures as
accountable care organizations to take charge of a patients needs with an eye on both cost and
quality, and chronic disease management to make sure the seriously ill, who are responsible for the
bulk of all health care costs, are treated properly. For the most part, these experiments rely on
incentive payments to get doctors to try them.
[J] Testing innovations do no good unless the good experiments are identified and expanded and the
bad ones are dropped. The Senate bill would create an independent commission to monitor the
pilot programs and recommend changes in Medicare's payment policies to urge providers to adopt
3

----- PAGE 31 -----
reforms that work. The changes would have to be approved or rejected as a whole by Congress,
making it hard for narrow-interest lobbies to bend lawmakers to their will.
[K] The bills in both chambers would create health insurance exchanges on which small businesses
and individuals could choose from an array of private plans and possibly a public option. All the
plans would have to provide standard benefit packages that would be easy to compare. To get
access to millions of new customers, insurers would have a strong incentive to lower their prices,
perhaps by accepting slimmer profit margins or demanding better deals from providers.
[L] The final legislation might throw a public plan into the competition, but thanks to the fierce
opposition of the insurance industry and Republican critics, it might not save much money. The
one in the House bill would have to negotiate rates with providers, rather than using Medicare
rates, as many reformers wanted.
[M] The presidents stimulus package is pumping money into research to compare how well various
treatments work. Is surgery, radiation or careful monitoring best for prostate (前歹腺)cancer? Is
the latest and most expensive cholesterol-lowering drug any better than its common competitors?
The pending bills would spend additional money to accelerate this effort.
[N] Critics have charged that this sensible idea would lead to rationing of care. (That would be true
only if you believed that patients should have an unrestrained right to treatments proven to be
inferior.) As a result, the bills do not require, as they should, that the results of these studies be
used to set payment rates in Medicare.
[O] Congress needs to find the courage to allow Medicare to pay preferentially for treatments proven
to be superior. Sometimes the best treatment might be the most expensive. But overall, we suspect
that spending would come down through elimination of a lot of unnecessary or even dangerous
tests and treatments.
[P] The House bill would authorize the secretary of health and human services to negotiate drug
prices in Medicare and Medicaid. Some authoritative analysts doubt that the secretary would get
better deals than private insurers already get. We believe negotiation could work. It does in other
countries.
[Q] Missing from these bills is any serious attempt to rein in malpractice costs. Malpractice awards do
drive up insurance premiums for doctors in high-risk specialties, and there is some evidence that
doctors engage in u defensive medicinen by performing tests and treatments primarily to prove
they are not negligent should they get sued.
36. With a tax imposed on expensive health insurance plans, most employers will likely transfer
money from health expenses into wages.
4

----- PAGE 32 -----
37. Changes in policy would be approved or rejected as a whole so that lobbyists would find it hard
to influence lawmakers.
38. It is not easy to curb the rising medical costs in America.
39. Standardization of forms for automatic processing will save a lot of medical expenses.
40. Republicans and the insurance industry are strongly opposed to the creation of a public insurance plan.
41. Conversion of paper to electronic medical records will help eliminate redundant tests and prevent
drug interactions.
42. The high cost of medical services and unnecessary tests and treatments have driven up medical
expenses.
43. One main factor that has driven up medical expenses is that doctors are compensated for the
amount of care rather than its effect.
44. Contrary to analysts' doubts, the author believes drug prices may be lowered through negotiation.
45. Fair competition might create a strong incentive for insurers to charge less.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D), You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
S h eet 2 with a single line through the center.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Facing water shortages and escalating fertilizer costs, farmers in developing countries are using
raw sewage (下水道污水)to irrigate and fertilize nearly 49 million acres of cropland, according to a
new report- and it may not be a bad thing.
While the practice carries serious health risks for many, those dangers are outweighed by the
social and economic gains for poor urban farmers and consumers who need affordable food.
u There is a large potential for wastewater agriculture to both help and hurt great numbers of
urban consumers J  said Liqa Raschid-Sally, who led the study.
The report focused on poor urban areas, where farms in or near cities supply relatively
inexpensive food. Most of these operations draw irrigation water from local rivers or lakes. Unlike
developed cities, however, these areas lack advanced water-treatment facilities, and rivers effectively
become sewers (下水道).
5

----- PAGE 33 -----
When this water is used for agricultural irrigation, farmers risk absorbing disease-causing
bacteria, as do consumers who eat the produce raw and unwashed. Nearly 2.2 million people die each
year because of diarrhea-related (与腹泻相关的)diseases, according to WHO statistics. More than
80% of those cases can be attributed to contact with contaminated water and a lack of proper
sanitation. But Pay Drechsel, an environmental scientist, argues that the social and economic benefits
of using untreated human waste to grow food outweigh the health risks.
Those dangers can be addressed with farmer and consumer education, he said, while the free water
and nutrients from human waste can help urban farmers in developing countries to escape poverty.
Agriculture is a water-intensive business, accounting for nearly 70% of global fresh water
consumption.
In poor, dry regions, untreated wastewater is the only viable irrigation source to keep farmers in
business. In some cases, water is so scarce that farmers break open sewage pipes transporting waste to
local rivers.
Irrigation is the primary agricultural use of human waste in the developing world. But frequently
untreated human waste harvested from lavatories is delivered to farms and spread as fertilizer.
In most cases, the human waste is used on grain crops, which are eventually cooked, minimizing
the risk of transmitting water-borne diseases. With fertilizer prices jumping nearly 50% per metric ton
over the last year in some places, human waste is an attractive, and often necessary, alternative.
In cases where sewage mud is used, expensive chemical fertilizer use can be avoided. The mud
contains the same critical nutrients.
u Overly strict standards often fbil,“ James Bartram, a WHO water-health expert, said. "We need
to accept that fact across much of the planet, so waste with little or no treatment will be used in
agriculture fbr good reason.n
46. What does the author say about the use of raw sewage for farming?
A) Its risks cannot be overestimated. 
C) Its benefits outweigh the hazards involved.
B) It should be forbidden altogether. 
D) It is polluting millions of acres of cropland.
47. What is the main problem caused by the use of wastewater for irrigation?
A) Rivers and lakes nearby will gradually become contaminated.
B) It will drive producers of chemical fertilizers out of business.
C) Farmers and consumers may be affected by harmful bacteria.
D) It will make the farm produce less competitive on the market.
48. What is environmental scientist Pay DrechseFs attitude towards the use of untreated human waste
in agriculture?
A) Favorable. 
C) Indifferent.
B) Skeptical. 
D) Responsible.
49. What does Pay Dreschsel think of the risks involved in using untreated human waste for farming?
A) They have been somewhat exaggerated.
B) They can be dealt with through education.
6

----- PAGE 34 -----

----- PAGE 35 -----

----- PAGE 36 -----
