
----- PAGE 1 -----
2015 年12 月英语六级真题及答案
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay based on
the picture below.You should focus on the harm caused by misleading
information online.You are required to write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
Part Ⅱ
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long
conversations.At the end of each conversation, one or more questions will
be asked about what was said.Both the conversation and the questions
will be spoken only once.After each question there will be a pause.During
the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C.and D),and
decide which is the best answer.Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet I with a single line through the centre.
1. A) She has completely recovered.
B) She went into shock after an operation.
C) She is still in a critical condition.
D) She is getting much better.
2. A) Ordering a breakfast.
B) Booking a hotel room.
C) Buying a train ticket.
D) Fixing a compartment.
3. A) Most borrowers never returned the books to her.
B) The man is the only one who brought her book back.
C) She never expected anyone to return the books to her.
D) Most of the books she lent out came back without jackets.
4. A) She left her work early to get some bargains last Saturday.
B) She attended the supermarket's grand opening ceremony.
C) She drove a full hour before finding a parking space.
D) She failed to get into the supermarket last Saturday.

----- PAGE 2 -----
5. A) He is bothered by the pain in his neck.
B) He cannot do his report without a computer.
C) He cannot afford to have a coffee break.
D) He feels sorry to have missed the report.
6. A) Only top art students can show their works in the gallery.
B) The gallery space is big enough for the man's paintings.
C) The woman would like to help with the exhibition layout.
D) The man is uncertain how his art works will be received.
7. A) The woman needs a temporary replacement for her assistant.
B) The man works in the same department as the woman does.
C) The woman will have to stay in hospital for a few days.
D) The man is capable of dealing with difficult people.
8. A) It was better than the previous one.
B) It distorted the mayor's speech.
C) It exaggerated the city's economic problems.
D) It reflected the opinions of most economists.
Questions 9 to 12 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
9. A) To inform him of a problem they face.
B) To request him to purchase control desks.
C) To discuss the content of a project report.
D) To ask him to flX the dictating machine.
10. A) They quote the best price in the market.
B) They manufacture and sell office furniture.
C) They cannot deliver the steel sheets on time.
D) They cannot produce the steel sheets needed.
11. A) By marking down the trait price.
B) By accepting the penalty clauses.
C) By allowing more time for delivery.
D) By promising better after-sales service.
12. A) Give the customer a ten percent discount.
B) Claim compensation from the steel suppliers.
C) Ask the Buying Department to change suppliers.
D) Cancel the contract with the customer.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
13. A) Stockbroker.
B) Physicist.
C) Mathematician.
D) Economist.
14. A) Improve computer programming.
B) Explain certain natural phenomena.
C) Predict global population growth.
D) Promote national financial health.
15. A) Their different educational backgrounds.
B) Changing attitudes toward nature.

----- PAGE 3 -----
C) Chaos theory and its applications.
D) The current global economic crisis.
Section B
Directions : In this section, you will hear 3 short passages.At the end of each passage,
you will hear some questions.Both the passage and the questions will be
spoken only once.After you hear a question, you must choose the best
answer from the four choices marked A), B),C.and D ).Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.
16. A) They lay great emphasis on hard work.
B) They name 150 star engineers each year.
C) They require high academic degrees.
D) They have people with a very high IQ.
17. A) Long years of job training.
B) High emotional intelligence.
C) Distinctive academic qualifications.
D) Devotion to the advance of science.
18. A) Good interpersonal relationships.
B) Rich working experience.
C) Sophisticated equipment.
D) High motivation.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the passage you have just heard.
19. A) A diary.
B) A fairy tale.
C) A history textbook.
D) A biography.
20. A) He was a sports fan.
B) He loved adventures.
C) He disliked school.
D) He liked hair-raising stories.
21. A) Encourage people to undertake adventures.
B) Publicize his colorful and unique life stories.
C) Raise people's environmental awareness.
D) Attract people to America's national parks.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
22. A) The first infected victim.
B) A coastal village in Africa.
C) The doctor who lust identified it.
D) A river running through the Congo.
23. A) They exhibit similar symptoms.
B) They can be treated with the same drug.

----- PAGE 4 -----
C) They have almost the same mortality rate.
D) They have both disappeared for good.
24. A) By inhaling air polluted with the virus.
B) By contacting contaminated body fluids.
C) By drinking water from the Congo River.
D) By eating food grown in Sudan and Zalre.
25. A) More strains will evolve from the Ebola virus.
B) Scientists will eventually fred cures for Ebola.
C) Another Ebola epidemic may erupt sooner or later.
D) Once infected, one will become immune to Ebola.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times.When the passage is
read for the irst time, you should listen carefully for its general
idea.When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill
in the blanks with the exact words you have just heard.Finally, when the
passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have
written.
The ideal companion machine would not only look, feel, and sound friendly but
would also be programmed to behave in an agreeable manner.Those 26 that make
interaction with other people enjoyable would be simulated as closely as possible, and
the
machine
would
27
charming,
stimulating,
and
easygoing.
Its
informal
conversational style would make interaction comfortable, and yet the machine would
remain slightly 28 and therefore interesting.In its first encounter it might be somewhat
hesitant and unassuming, but as it came to know the user it would progress to a more
29 and intimate style.The machine would not be a passive 30 but would add its own
suggestions, information, and opinions; it would sometimes 31 developing or
changing the to pic and would have a personality of its own.
The machine would convey presence: We have all seen how a computer's use of
personal names often 32 people and leads them to treat the machine as if it were
almost human.Such features are easily written into the software.By introducing 33
forcefulness and humor, the machine could be presented as a vivid and unique
character.
Friendships are not made in a day, and the computer would be more acceptable
as a friend if it 34 the gradual changes that occur when one person is getting to know
another.At an 35 time it might also express the kind of affection that stimulates
attachment and intimacy.
Part III
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks.You are required to
select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank
following the passage.Read the passage through carefully before making

----- PAGE 5 -----
your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter.Please mark
the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre.You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
Questions 36 to 45 are based on the following passage.
As it is, sleep is so undervalued that getting by on fewer hours has become a
badge of honor.Plus, we live in a culture that 36 to the late-nighter, from 24-hour
grocery stores to online shopping sites that never close.It's no surprise, then, that more
than half of American adults don't get the 7 to 9 hours of shut-eye every night as 37
by sleep experts.
Whether or not we can catch up on sleep--on the weekend, say--is a hotly 38
topic among sleep researchers.The latest evidence suggests that while it isn't 39 , it
might help.When Liu, the UCLA sleep researcher and professor of medicine, brought
40 sleep-restricted people into the lab for a weekend of sleep during which they
logged about 10 hours per night, they showed 41 in the ability of insulin (胰岛素) to
process blood sugar.That suggests that catch-up sleep may undo some
but not all of the damage that sleep 42 causes, which is encouraging, given how
many adults don't get the hours they need each night.Still, Liu isn't 43 to endorse the
habit of sleeping less and making up for it later.
Sleeping pills, while helpful for some, are not 44 an effective remedy either."A
sleeping pill will 45 one area of the brain, but there's never going to be a perfect
sleeping pill, because you couldn't really replicate ( 复制) the different chemicals
moving in and out of different parts of the brain to go through the different stages of
sleep," says Dr.Nancy Coll op, director of the Emory University Sleep Center.
A) Alternatively
B) Caters
C) Chronically
D) Debated
E) Deprivation
F) Ideal
G) Improvements
H) Necessarily
I) Negotiated
J) Pierce
K) Presumption
L) Ready
M) Recommended
N) Surpasses
O) Target
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements
attached to it.Each statement contains information given in one of the

----- PAGE 6 -----
paragraphs.Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived.You may choose a paragraph more than once.Each paragraph is
marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding
letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Climate change may be real, but it's still not easy being green
How do we convince our inner caveman to be greener? We ask some outstanding
social scientists.
[A] The road to climate hell is paved with our good intentions.Politicians may
tackle polluters while scientists do battle with carbon emissions.But the most
pervasive problem is less obvious: our own behaviour.We get distracted before we can
turn down the heating.We break our promise not to fly after hearing about a
neighbour's trip to India.Ultimately, we can't be bothered to change our attitude.
Fortunately for the planet, social science and behavioural economics may be able to
do that for us.
[B] Despite mournful polar beats and charts showing carbon emissions soaring,
most people find it hard to believe that global warming will affect them
personally.Recent polls by the Pew Research Centre in Washington, DC, found that
75-80 per cent of participants regarded climate change as an important issue.But
respondents ranked it last on a list of priorities.
[C] This inconsistency largely stems from a feeling of powerlessness."When we
can't actually remove the source of our fear, we tend to adapt psychologically by
adopting a range of defence mechanisms," says Tom Crompton, change strategist for
the environmental organisation World Wide Fund for Nature.
[D] Part of the fault lies with our inner caveman.Evolution has programmed
humans to pay most attention to issues that will have an immediate impact."We worry
most about now because if we don't survive for the next minute, we're not going to be
around in ten years' time," says Professor Elke Weber of the Centre for Research on
Environmental Decisions at Columbia University in New York.If the Thames were
lapping around Big Ben, Londoners would face up to the problem of emissions pretty
quickly.But in practice, our brain discounts the risks and benefits associated with
issues that lie some way ahead.
[E] Matthew Rush worth, of the Department of Experimental Psychology at the
University of Oxford,sees this in his lab every day."One of the ways in which all
agents seem to make decisions is that they assign a lower weighting to outcomes that
are going to be further away in the future," he says."This is a very sensible way for an
animal to make decisions in the wild and would have been very helpful for humans
for thousands of years."
[F] Not any longer.By the time we wake up to the threat posed by climate change,
it could well be too late.And ff we're not going to make rational decisions about the
future, others may have to help us to do so.
[G] Few political libraries are without a copy of Nudge: Improving Decisions
About Health, Wealth and Happiness, by Richard Thaler and Cass Sunstein.They
argue that governments should persuade us into making better decisions--such as

----- PAGE 7 -----
saving more in our pension plans--by changing the default options.Professor Weber
believes that environmental policy can make use of similar tactics.If, for example,
building codes included green construction guidelines, most developers would be too
lazy to challenge them.
[H] Defaults are certainly part of the solution.But social scientists are most
concerned about crafting messages that exploit our group mentality ."We need to
understand what motivates people, what it is that allows them to make change," says
Professor Neil Adger, of the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research in
Norwich."It is actually about what their peers think of them, what their social norms
are, what is seen as desirable in society." In other words, our inner caveman is
continually looking over his shoulder to see what the rest of the tribe are up to.
[I] The passive attitude we have to climate change as individuals can be altered
by counting us in--and measuring us against--our peer group."Social norms are
primitive and elemental," says Dr.Robert Cialdini, author of Influence: The
Psychology of Persuasion."Birds flock together, fish school together, cattle herd
together...just perceiving norms is enough to cause people to adjust their behaviour in
the direction of the crowd."
[J] These norms can take us beyond good intentions.Cialdini conducted a study
in San Diego in which coat hangers bearing messages about saving energy were hung
on people's doors.Some of the messages mentioned the environment, some financial
savings, others social responsibility.But it was the ones that mentioned the actions of
neighbours that drove down power use.
[K] Other studies show that simply providing the facility for people to compare
their energy use with the local average is enough to cause them to modify their
behaviour.The Conservatives plan to adopt this strategy by making utility companies
print the average local electricity and gas usage on people's bills.
[L] Social science can also teach politicians how to avoid our collective capacity
for serf destructive behaviour.Environmental campaigns that tell us how many people
drive SUVs unwittingly (不经意的) imply that this behaviour is widespread and thus
permissible.Cialdini recommends some careful framing of the message."Instead of
normalising the undesirable behaviour, the message needs to marginalise it, for
example, by stating that if even one person buys yet another SUV, it reduces our
ability to be energy-independent."
[M] Tapping into how we already see ourselves is crucial.The most successful
environmental strategy will marry the green message to our own sense of
identity.Take your average trade union member, chances are they will be politically
motivated and be used to collective action much like Erica Gregory.A retired member
of the Public and Commercial Services Union, she is setting up one of 1,i00 action
groups with the support of Climate Solidarity, a two-year environmental campaign
aimed at trade unionists.
[N] Erica is proof that a great-grandmother can help to lead the revolution if you
get the psychology right--in this case, by matching her enthusiasm for the
environment with a fondness for organising groups."I think it's a terrific idea," she
says of the campaign."The union backing it makes members think there must be

----- PAGE 8 -----
something in it." She is expecting up to 20 people at the first meeting she has called,
at her local pub in the Cornish village of Polperro.
[O] Nick Perks, project director for Climate Solidarity, believes this sort of
activity is where the future of environmental action lies. "Using existing civil society
structures or networks is a more effective way of creating change.., and obviously
trade unions are one of the biggest civil society networks in the UK," he says. The "
Love Food, Hate Waste" campaign entered into a collaboration last year with another
such network--the Women's Institute.Londoner Rachel Taylor joined the campaign
with the aim of making new friends.A year on, the meetings have made lasting
changes to what she throws away in her kitchen."It's always more of an incentive if
you're doing it with other people," she says."It motivates you more if you know that
you've got to provide feedback to a group."
[P] The power of such simple psychology in fighting climate change is attracting
attention across the political establishment.In the US, the House of Representatives
Science Committee has approved a bill allocating $10 million a year to studying
energy-related behaviour.In the UK, new studies are in development and social
scientists are regularly spotted in British government offices.With the help of
psychologists, there is fresh hope that we might go green after all.
46. When people find they are powerless to change a situation, they tend to live
with it.
47. To be effective, environmental messages should be carefully framed.
48. It is the government's responsibility to persuade people into making
environment-friendly decisions.
49. Politicians are beginning to realise the importance of enlisting psychologists'
help in fighting climate change.
50. To find effective solutions to climate change, it is necessary to understand
what motivates people to make change.
51. In their evolution, humans have learned to pay attention to the most urgent
issues instead of long-term concerns.
52. One study shows that our neighbours' actions are influential in changing our
behaviour.
53. Despite clear signs of global warming, it is not easy for most people to
believe climate change will affect their own lives.
54. We should take our future into consideration in making decisions concerning
climate change before it is too late.
55. Existing social networks can be more effective in creating change in people's
behaviour.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section.Each passage is followed by some
questions or unfinished statements.For each of them there are four
choices marked A), B), C.and D ).You should decide on the best choice
and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line
through the centre.

----- PAGE 9 -----
Passage One
Questions 56 to 60 are based on the following passage.
More than a decade ago, cognitive scientists John Bransford and Daniel
Schwartz, both then at Vanderbilt University, found that what distinguished young
adults from children was not the ability to retain facts or apply prior knowledge to a
new situation but a quality they called "preparation for future learning." The
researchers asked fifth graders and college students to create a recovery plan to
protect bald eagles from extinction. Shockingly, the two groups came up with plans of
similar quality(although the college students had better spelling skills ). From the
standpoint of a traditional educator, this outcome indicated that schooling had failed
to help students think about ecosystems and extinction, major scientific ideas.
The researchers decided to go deeper, however.They asked both groups to
generate questions about important issues needed to create recovery plans.On this task,
they
found
large
differences.College
students
focused
on
critical
issues
of
interdependence between eagles and their hab/tats (栖息地).Fifth graders tended to
focus on features of individual eagles ( "How big are they?" and "What do they
eat?").The college students had cultivated the ability to ask questions, the cornerstone
of critical thinking.They had learned how to learn.
Museums and other institutions of informal learning may be better suited to teach
this skill than elementary and secondary schools.At the Exploratorium in San
Francisco, we recently studied how learning to ask good questions can affect the
quality of people's scientific inquiry.We found that when we taught participants to ask
"What if?" and "How can?" questions that nobody present would know the answer to
and that would spark exploration, they engaged in better inquiry at the next
exhibit--asking more questions, performing more experiments and making better
interpretations
of
their
results.Specifically,
their
questions
became
more
comprehensive at the new exhibit.Rather than merely asking about something they
wanted to try, they tended to include both cause and effect in their question.Asking
juicy questions appears to be a transferable skill for deepening collaborative inquiry
into the science content found in exhibits.
This
type
of
learning
is
not
confined
to
museums
or
institutional
settings.Informal learning environments tolerate failure better than schools.Perhaps
many teachers have too little time to allow students to form and pursue their own
questions and too much ground to cover in the curriculum.But people must acquire
this skill somewhere.Our society depends on them being able to make critical
decisions about their own medical treatment, say, or what we must do about global
energy needs and demands.For that, we have a robust informal learning system that
gives no grades, takes all comers,and is available even on holidays and weekends.
56. What is traditional educators' interpretation of the research outcome
mentioned in the first paragraph ?
A) Students are not able to apply prior knowledge to new problems.
B) College students are no better than fifth graders in memorizing facts.
C) Education has not paid enough attention to major environmental issues.
D) Education has failed to lead students to think about major scientific ideas.

----- PAGE 10 -----
57. In what way are college students different from children?
A) They have learned to think critically.
B) They are concerned about social issues.
C) They are curious about specific features.
D) They have learned to work independently.
58. What is the benefit of asking questions with no ready answers?
A) It arouses students' interest in things around them.
B) It cultivates students' ability to make scientific inquiries.
C) It trains students' ability to design scientific experiments.
D) It helps students realize not every question has an answer.
59. What is said to be the advantage of informal learning?
A) It allows for failures.
B) It is entertaining.
C) It charges no tuition.
D) It meets practical needs.
60. What does the author seem to encourage educators to do at the end of the
passage?
A) Train students to think about global issues.
B) Design more interactive classroom activities.
C) Make full use of informal learning resources.
D) Include collaborative inquiry in the curriculum.
Passage Two
Questions 61 to 65 are based on the following passage.
"There's an old saying in the space world: amateurs talk about technology,
professionals talk about insurance." In an interview last year with The Economist,
George White sides, chief executive of space-tourism fu'm Virgin Galactic, was
placing his company in the latter category.But insurance will be cold comfort
following the failure on October 31st of VSS Enterprise, resulting in the death of one
pilot and the severe injury to another.
On top of the tragic loss of life, the accident in California will cast a long shadow
over the future of space tourism, even before it has properly begun.
The notion of space tourism took hold in 2001 with a $ 20 million flight aboard a
Russian spacecraft by Dennis Tito, a millionaire engineer with an adventurous
streak.Just haft a dozen holiday-makers have reached orbit since then, for similarly
astronomical price tags. But more recently,companies have begun to plan more
affordable "suborbital" flights--briefer ventures just to the edge of space's vast
darkness.Virgin Galactic had, prior to this week's accident, seemed closest to starting
regular flights.The company has already taken deposits from around 800 would-be
space tourists,including Stephen Hawking.
After being dogged by technical delays for years, Sir Richard Branson, Virgin
Galactic's founder,had recently suggested that a Space Ship Two craft would carry its
first paying customers as soon as February 2015. That now seems an impossible
timeline. In July, a sister craft of the crashed space plane was reported to be about

----- PAGE 11 -----
half-finished.The other half will have to walt, as authorities of America's Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA.and National Transportation Safety Board work
out:what went wrong.
In the meantime, the entire space tourism industry will be on tenterhooks (坐立
不安).The 2004 Commercial Space Launch Amendments Act, intended to encourage
private space vehicles and services, prohibits the transportation secretary (and thereby
the FAA.from regulating the design or operation of private spacecraft, unless they
have resulted in a serious or fatal injury to crew or.passengers.That means that the
FAA could suspend Virgin Galactic's licence to fly.It could also insist on checking
private manned spacecraft as thoroughly as it does commercial aircraft.While that
may:make suborbital travel safer, it would add significant cost and complexity to an
emerging industry that has until now operated largely as the playground of billionaires
and dreamy engineers.
How Virgin Galactic, regulators and the public respond to this most recent
tragedy will determine whether and how soon private space travel can transcend that
playground.There is no doubt that space flight entails risks, and to pioneer a new
mode of travel is to face those risks, and to reduce them.with the benefit of hard-won
experience.
61. What is said about the failure of VSS Enterprise?
A) It may lead to the bankruptcy of Virgin Galactic.
B) It has a strong negative impact on space tourism.
C) It may discourage rich people from space travel.
D) It has aroused public attention to safety issues.
62. What do we learn about the space-tourism firm Virgin Galactic?
A) It has just built a craft for commercial flights.
B) It has sent half a dozen passengers into space.
C) It was about ready to start regular business.
D) It is the first to launch "suborbital" flights.
63. What is the purpose of the 2004 Commercial Space Launch Amendments
Act?
A) To ensure space travel safety.
B) To limit the FAA's functions.
C) To legalize private space explorations.
D) To promote the space tourism industry.
64. What might the FAA do after the recent accident in California?
A) Impose more rigid safety standards.
B) Stop certifying new space-tourist agencies.
C) Amend its 2004 Commercial Space Launch Amendments Act.
D) Suspend Virgin Galactic's licence to take passengers into space.
65. What does the author think of private space travel?
A) It is worth promoting despite the risks involved.
B) It should not be confined to the rich only.
C) It should be strictly regulated.
D) It is too risky to carry on.

----- PAGE 12 -----
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from
Chinese into English.You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
在帮助国际社会于2030 年前消除极端贫困过程中，中国正扮演着越来越重
要的角色。
自20 世纪70 年代未实施改革开放以来，中国已使多达四亿人摆脱了贫困。
在未来五年中，中国将向其他发展中国家在减少贫困、发展教育、农业现代化、
环境保护和医疗保健等方面提供援助。
中国在减少贫困方面取得了显著进步，并在促进经济增长方面做出了不懈努
力，这将鼓励其他贫困国家应对自身发展中的挑战。在寻求具有自身特色的发展
道路时，这些国家可以借鉴中国的经验。
【参考答案】
【参考范文】
As is revealed in the picture, a man is sitting in front of the computer searching
information from the Internet, while a woman is standing by the door, holding a cup
of coffee. The most striking feature is the caption under the picture, which reads “I
just feel unfortunate to live in a world with so much misleading information!”
Simple as it is, what the picture conveys to us is thought-provoking. By no
means can we deny that the Internet is playing such an increasingly important role in
our information society that we couldn’t be away from it in every way. For instance,
we deal with all kinds of data and information everyday by the Internet. Nevertheless,
with a large amount of information coming up, the severity of misleading information
arises. Unfortunately, if we lack the ability to distinguish the true information from
the misleading one, we will finally fall prey to it, because the misleading information
may get people into bad habits, even make them commit crimes. Numerous network
fraud is a living example.
From what have been discussed above, it is therefore, necessary that some
effective measures be taken to prevent ourselves from being misled by junk
information. And in my opinion, learning to identify the authenticity of information
online is the most practical measure.
【1-5】DCADC
【6-10】AABAC
【11-15】BBDBC
【16-20】DBADB
【21-25】CDABC
【26-30】qualities、appear to be、unpredictable、relaxed、participant
【31-35】take the initiative in、fascinates、a degree of、simulated、appropriate
【36-40】BMDFC
【41-45】GELHO
【46-50】CLGPH
【51-55】DJBFO
【56-60】DABAC
【61-65】BCDDA

----- PAGE 13 -----
【翻译参考译文】
China is playing an increasingly important role in helping the international
community to eliminate extreme poverty by 2030.
Since the implementation of the reform and opening up in the late of 1970s, China has
helped as many as four hundred million people out of poverty. Over the next five
years, China will provide assistance to other developing countries in poverty
reduction,education development,agricultural modernization,environmental protection
and health care.
China has made remarkable progress in reducing poverty, and has made
unremitting efforts to promote economic growth, which will encourage other poor
countries to respond to the challenges of their own development. These countries can
learn from the experience of China when they seek to develop their own
characteristics.
