
----- PAGE 1 -----
2020 年7 月大学英语六级考试真题试卷
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the saying
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. You should
write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part Ⅱ
Listening Comprehension
(25 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation ,you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the
questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question , you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D) .
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) She is a great athlete.
B)She is a famed speaker.
C) She is a famous scientist.
D) She is a noted inventor.
2. A) How knowledge of human biochemistry has been evolving.
B) How nutrition helps athletes' performance in competitions.
C) How scientific training enables athletes to set new records.
D) How technology has helped athletes to scale new heights.
3. A) Our physical structures.
B) Our scientific knowledge.
C) Our biochemical process.
D) Our concept of nutrition.
4. A) It may increase the expenses of sports competitions.
B ) It may lead to athletes' over reliance on equipment.
C)It may give an unfair advantage to some athletes.
D)It may change the nature of sports competitions.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Experience.
B) Flexibility.
C) Family background.
D) Business connections.
6. A) Buying directly from factories.
B) Shipping goods in bulk by sea.
C) Having partners in many parts of the world.
D) Using the same container back and forth.

----- PAGE 2 -----
7. A) Warehouses.
B) Factories.
C) Investors.
D) Retailers.
8. A) Trendy style.
B) Unique design.
C) Lower import duties.
D) Lower shipping costs.
Section B
Directions ：In this section , you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage ,
you will hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the
questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question , you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B) , C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It helps employees to reduce their stress.
B) It prevents employees from feeling bored.
C) It strengthens harmony among employees.
D) It helps employees to view things positively.
10. A) Weekends are conducive to reducing stress.
B) Humor is vital to interpersonal relationships.
C) All workers experience some emotional stress.
D) Humor can help workers excel at routine tasks.
11. A) Smash the toys to release their bottled-up resentments.
B) Take the boss doll apart as long as they reassemble it.
C) Design and install stress-reducing gadgets.
D) Strike at the boss doll as hard as they like.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) The recent finding of a changed gene in obese mice.
B) A breakthrough in understanding gene modification.
C) A newly discovered way for people to lose weight.
D) The self-repairing ability of a gene in obese mice.
13. A) It renders an organism unable to fight diseases.
B) It prevents the mice's fatty tissues from growing.
C) It helps organisms adapt to environmental changes.
D) It renders mice unable to sense when to stop eating.
14. A) Human beings have more obesity genes than most mice do.
B) Half of a person's total weight variation can be controlled.
C) People are born with a tendency to have a certain weight.
D) The function of the obesity genes is yet to be explored.
15. A) The worsening of natural environment.

----- PAGE 3 -----
B) The abundant provision of rich foods.
C) The accelerated pace of present-day life.
D) The adverse impact of the food industry.
Section C
Directions: In this section , you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks
followed by three or four questions. The recordings will be played only
once. After you hear a question , you must choose the best answer from
the four choices marked A),B),C) and D). Then mark the corresponding
letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Similarity in interests.
B) Mental stimulation.
C) Openness.
D) Compassion.
17. A) The willingness to offer timely help.
B) The joy found in each other" s company.
C) Personal bonds.
D) Emotional factors.
18. A) Failure to keep a promise.
B) Lack of frankness.
C) Feelings of betrayal.
D) Loss of contact.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Along the low-lying Colorado River.
B) At the Dinosaur National Monument.
C) Along the border of the U. S. and Canada.
D) At museums of natural history in large cities.
20. A) Volcanic explosions could bring whole animal species to extinction.
B) Some natural disaster killed a whole herd of dinosaurs in the area.
C) The pit should be carefully preserved for the study of dinosaurs.
D) The whole region must have been struck by a devastating flood.
21. A) They floated down an eastward flowing river.
B) They lay buried deep in the sand for millions of years.
C) They were skeletons of dinosaurs inhabiting the locality.
D) They were remains of dinosaurs killed in a volcanic explosion.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Indulging in seeking leisure and material comfort.
B) Attaching too much importance to independence.
C) Failing to care for parents in the traditional way.
D) Leaving their parents on the verge of starvation.

----- PAGE 4 -----
23. A)They have great difficulty living by themselves.
B) They have little hope of getting any family care.
C) They have fond memories of their good old days.
D) They have a sense of independence and autonomy.
24. A) People in many parts of the world preferred small-size families.
B) There have been extended families in most parts of the world.
C) Many elderly people were unwilling to take care of their grandchildren.
D) So many young Americans refused to live together with their parents.
25. A) Leave their younger generations alone.
B) Avoid being a burden to their children.
C) Stay healthy by engaging in joyful activities.
D) View things from their children" s perspective.
Part Ⅲ
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to
select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank
following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making
your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please
mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the
bank more than once.
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
The United Nations issued a report last week warning that humans are destroying
nature at such a rate that life on Earth is at risk. When the report came out, it naturally
26
headlines. But obviously it didn’t hijack the news agenda in the manner of a
major terrorist attack or
27
of war.
The report from the Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity
and Ecosystem Services (IPBES ) is clear on what's at
28
and what needs to
change. IPBES chair Robert Watson says the “
29
evidence” an presents
“ ominous (凶兆的) picture” . “The health of ecosystems on which we and all other
species depend is
30
more rapidly than ever, ” Robert Watson said. We are
31
the very foundations of our economies , live-lihoods ,food security , health and quality
of life worldwide. '' The report says it"s not too late if we make" transformative
change” 一fundamental, system-wide reorganization — at every level from local
to global , and we need to focus on how to make that happen.
First , don't indulge in despair , because despair leads to inertia and doing
nothing means certain
32
. Every action to save nature will improve our collective
and personal futures and the only way to respond to a threat of this scale is with
33
action rooted in headstrong optimism- Second , we need relentless focus , just like
when paramedics ( 救护人员) arrive on a scene and use the concept of triage(伤员
鉴别分类)"to ensure the most
34
cases get treated first. Saving the natural world
needs that kind of thinking. We don't have the
35
to do everything at once . We

----- PAGE 5 -----
need to make hard choices.
A ) capacity
B ) declaration
C ) deteriorating
D ) determined
E ) disaster
F ) eroding
G) grabbed
H ) inventory
I ) junction
J ) monotonous
K) overwhelming
L) stagnation
M) stake
N) stifled
O) urgent
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements
attached to it. Each statement contains information given in one of the
paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.
You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked
with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2.
Children Understand Far More About Other Minds Than Long Believed
[A] Until a few decades ago, scholars believed that young children know very
little, if anything , about what others are thinking. Swiss psychologist Jean Piaget ,
who is credited with founding the scientific study of children" s thinking , was
convinced that preschool children cannot consider what goes on in the minds of others.
The interviews and experiments he conducted with kids in the middle of the 20th
century suggested that they were trapped in their subjective viewpoints, incapable of
imagining what others think, feel or believe.
[B] Much of the subsequent research on early childhood thinking was highly
influenced by Piaget’s ideas. Scholars sought to refine his theory and empirically
confirm his views. But it became increasingly clear that Piaget seemed to have
gravely underestimated the intellectual powers of very young kids before they can
make themselves understood by speech. Researchers began to devise ever more
ingenious ways of figuring out what goes on in the minds of babies ,and the resulting
picture of their abilities shows subtle variations. Consequently , the old view of
children’s egocentric ( 自我中心的) nature and intellectual weaknesses has
increasingly fallen out of favor and become replaced by a more generous position that
sees a budding sense not only of the physical world but also of other minds’ even in
the youngest young. ”

----- PAGE 6 -----
[C] Historically , children didn't receive much respect for their mental powers-
Piaget not only believed that children were “egocentric” in the sense that they were
unable to differentiate between their own viewpoint and that of others ; he was also
convinced that their thinking was characterized by systematic errors and confusions.
When playing with others , they don't cooperate because they do not realize there are
different roles and perspectives . He was convinced that children literally cannot get
their act together" : instead of playing cooperatively and truly together , they play side
by side, with little regard for others. And when speaking with others , a young child
supposedly cannot consider the listener's viewpoint but" talks to himself without
listening to others.''
[D] Piaget and his followers maintained that children go through something like
a dark age of intellectual development before slowly and gradually becoming
enlightened by reason and rationality as they reach school age. Alongside this
enlightenment develops an ever growing understanding of other persons , including
their attitudes and views of the world.
[E] Today , a very different picture of children's mental development emerges.
Psychologists continually reveal new insights into the depth of young children's
knowledge of the world , including their understanding of other minds. Recent studies
suggest that even infants are sensitive to others' perspectives and beliefs.
[F] Part of the motivation to revise some of Piaget’s conclusions stemmed from
an ideological shift about the origin of human knowledge that occurred in the second
half of the 20th century. It became increasingly unpopular to assume that a basic
understanding of the world can be built entirely from experience. This was in part
prompted by theorist Noam Chomsky, who argued that something as complex as the
rules of grammar cannot be picked up from exposure to speech , but is supplied by an
inborn language faculty. "Others followed suit and defined further core areas" in
which knowledge allegedly cannot be pieced together from experience but must be
possessed at birth. One such area is our knowledge of others' minds. Some even argue
that a basic knowledge of others' minds is not only possessed by human infants , but
must be cvolutionarily old and hence shared by our nearest living relatives , the great
apes.
[G] To prove that infants know more in this realm than had been acknowledged,
researchers needed to come up with innovative ways of showing it. A big part of why
we now recognize so much more of kids" intellectual capacities is the development of
much more sensitive research tools than Piaget had at his disposal.
[H] Instead of engaging babies in dialog or having them execute complex motor
tasks , the newer methods capitalize on behaviors that have a firm place in infants'
natural behavior repertoire: looking , listening , sucking , making facial expressions ,
gestures and simple manual actions. The idea of focusing on these “small behaviors”
is that they give kids the chance to demonstrate their knowledge implicitly and
spontaneously without having to respond to questions or instructions. For example ,
children might look longer at an event that they did not expect to happen , or they
might show facial expressions indicating that they have sympathetic concern for
others. When researchers measure these less demanding , and often involuntary ,

----- PAGE 7 -----
behaviors, they can detect a sensitivity to others' mental states at a much younger age
than with the more taxing methods that Piaget and his followers deployed.
[I] In the 1980s , these kinds of implicit measures became customary in
developmental psychology. But it took a while longer before these tools were
employed to measure children's grasp of the mental lives of others.
[J] In a set of experiments , my colleagues at the University of Southern
California and I found evidence that babies can even anticipate how others will feel
when their expectations are disappointed. We acted out several puppet (木偶)shows in
front of two-year-old children. In these puppet shows , a protagonist ( Cookie Monster)
left his precious belongings ( cookies ) on stage and later returned to fetch them. What
the protagonist did not know was that an antagonist had come and messed with his
possessions. The children had witnessed these acts and attentively watched the
protagonist return. We recorded children's facial and bodily expressions. Children bit
their lips , wrinkled their nose or wiggled (扭动) in their chair when the protagonist
came back, as if they anticipated the bewilderment and disappointment he was about
to experience. Importantly , children showed no such reactions and remained calm
when the protagonist had seen the events himself and thus knew what to expect. Our
study reveals that by the tender age of two, kids not only track what others believe or
expect ; they can even foresee how others will feel when they discover reality.
[K] Studies like this reveal that there is much more going on in small kids' and
even infants' minds than was previously believed. With the explicit measures used by
Piaget and successors , these deeper layers of kids' understanding cannot be accessed.
The new investigative tools demonstrate that kids know more than they can say: when
we scratch beneath the surface , we find an emerging understanding of relations and
perspectives that Piaget probably did not dream of.
[L] Despite these obvious advances in the study of young children's thinking, it
would be a grave mistake to dismiss the careful and systematic analyses compiled by
Piaget and others before the new tests dominated the scene because the original
methods revealed essential facts about how children think that the new methods
cannot uncover.
[M] There's no consensus in today's science community about how much we can
infer from a look, a facial expression or a hand gesture. These behaviors clearly
indicate a curiosity about what goes on in the mind of others , and probably a set of
early intuitions coupled with a willingness to learn more. They pave the way to richer
and more explicit forms of understanding of the minds of others. But they can in no
way replace the child's growing ability to articulate and refine her understanding of
how people behave and why.
36. Piaget believed that small children could not collaborate with others while
playing.
37. The author and his colleagues’ study shows two-year-old may be able to
predict other people's feelings.
38. In the latter half of the last century , fewer and fewer people believed the
basis for our understanding of the world is wholly empirical.

----- PAGE 8 -----
39. Research conducted by Jean Piaget in the last century suggested babies were
insensitive to others" thinking.
40. Our improved understanding of babies' intellectual power is attributable to
better research tools.
41. It has been found in recent research that even small babies are sensitive to
other people's points of view.
42. Scientists are still debating what inference can be drawn from certain
physical expressions of a child.
43. The newer research methods focus on infants' simple behaviors instead of
requiring them to answer questions.
44. With the progress in psychology , the traditional view of children’s
self-centered nature and limited thinking abilities has become less and less influential
45. Even though marked advances have been made ? it is wrong to dismiss
Piaget's fundamental contributions to the study of kids' cognitive abilities.
Section C
Directions: there are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some
questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four
choices marked A) , B) , C) and D). You should decide on the best choice
and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line
through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
People often discuss the dangers of too much stress , but lately a very different
view of stress is gaining popularity: this view of stress , held by members of the
positive stress movement , argues that stress might actually be beneficial The positive
stress movement is made up of people such as Zachary Rapp who are looking for an
edge in a competitive world, and Rapp's routine is a good example of followers of the
movement. He wakes up most mornings at dawn, goes for a run, sips black coffee
while ripping through emails, and then steps into a freezing cold shower. This is a
routine designed to reduce the stress of running simultaneously three different health
and biotechnology companies for 18 hours a day.
Although Rapp's practices may sound extreme, he is part of a growing movement,
consisting largely of tech industry workers who claim that such radical tactics will
help them live better and longer. Inspired by influential figures in different fields,
including
entertainers,
athletes,
entrepreneurs
and
scientists,
positive
stress
practitioners seek out some combination of extreme temperatures, restrictive diets,
punishing exercise routines and general discomfort.
Rapp argues that positive stress keeps him balanced. In addition to running and
freezing showers, Rapp uses ice baths, hot yoga, and unconventional eating practices
such as climinating dairy , sugar , alcohol and various other foods high in
carbohydrates . He believes that these practices? which put stress on his body, actually
make him feel less stress from work. However, Rapp does not credit anyone in

----- PAGE 9 -----
particular for his choices: he said he started using these methods in college 7 where he
got into the habit of taking ice baths to recover from sports. He got back into it while
trying to get his three companies off the ground.
Rapp works long hours and sleeps only five to seven hours a night but he said he
only gets sick once a year. For him, the difference between day-to-day stress, like the
kind we feel when moving apartments, and positive stress is that the latter involves
pushing the body to extremes and forcing it to build up a tolerance.
One thought leader in the positive stress world is Dutch extreme athlete Wim
Hof, who earned the name" ice man" for his ability to withstand severe cold using
deep breathing exercises. Hof's ideas have become popular among tech industry elites
and, thanks to Hof, cold showers are now a trend ; indeed , some even call it a form of
therapy.
But it is important to note that not everyone agrees with these practitioners ;
indeed, some medical professionals argue that positive stress is not for everyone , and
that it might even be dangerous for people who are unhealthy or older.
46. What do we learn about followers of the positive stress movement?
A) They are usually quite sensitive to different types of stress.
B) They hold a different view on stress from the popular one.
C) They derive much pleasure from living a very hectic life.
D) They gain a competitive edge by enjoying good health.
47. What do followers of the positive stress movement usually do to put their
ideas into practice?
A) They keep changing their living habits.
B) They network with influential figures.
C) They seek jobs in tech industries.
D) They apply extreme tactics.
48.What does Zachary Rapp say about his unconventional practices?
A) They help him combat stress from work.
B) They enable him to cut down living expenses.
C) They enable him to recover from injuries and illnesses,
D) They help him get three companies enlisted all at once.
49.What can be inferred from the passage about day-to-day stress?
A) It is harmful to one's physical and mental health.
B) It does not differ in essence from positive stress.
C) It is something everybody has to live with.
D) It does not help build up one's tolerance.
50.What do some medical professionals think of positive stress?
A) Its true effect remains to be verified.
B) Its side effect should not be ignored.
C) Its effect varies considerably from person to person.
D) Its practitioners should not take it as a form of therapy.

----- PAGE 10 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Is hunting good or bad for the environment , Like so many hot button issues , the
answer to this question depends upon who you ask. On the one hand , some say ,
nothing could be more natural than hunting, and indeed just about every animal
species 一including humans 一has been either predator or prey at some point in its
evolution. And, ironic as it sounds , since humans have wiped out many animal
predators , some see hunting as a natural way to reduce the herds of prey animals that
now reproduce beyond the environment's carrying capacity.
On the other hand, many environmental and animal advocates see hunting as
savage , arguing that it is morally wrong to kill animals , regardless of practical
considerations. According to Glenn Kirk of the California-based The Animals' Voice ,
hunting" causes immense suffering to individual wild animals..."and is"irrationally
cruel because unlike natural predation (捕食) ,hunters kill for pleasure ...” He adds
that , despite hunters' claims that hunting keeps wildlife populations in balance ,
hunters' license fees are used to manipulate a few game species into overpopulation at
the expense of a much larger number of non-game species , resulting in the loss of
biological diversity, genetic integrity and ecological balance."
Beyond moral issues , others contend that hunting is not practical- According to
the Humane Society of the United States , the vast majority of hunted species ——
such as waterfowl , rabbits , upland birds and mourning doves ——"provide minimal
nutrition and do not require population control."
Author Gary E ・Varner suggests in his book , In Nature's Interests , that some
types of hunting may be morally justifiable while others may not be. Hunting
“designed to secure the aggregate welfare of the target species, the integrity of its
ecosystem, or both" —what Varner terms ' therapeutic hunting' —is defensible , while
subsistence and sport hunting —both of which only benefit human beings—is not.
Regardless of one's individual stance , fewer Americans hunt today than in recent
history. Data gathered by the U. S. Fish & Wildlife Service in 2006 show that only
five percent of Americans 一some 12.5 million individuals 一consider themselves
hunters today , down from nine percent in 2001 and 15 percent in 1996.
Public support for hunting , however , is on the rise. A 2007 survey by
Responsive Management Inc. found that eighty percent of respondents agreed that
“hunting has a legitimate place in modem society , " and the percentage of Americans
indicating disapproval of hunting declined from 22 percent in 1995 to 16 percent in
2007.
Perhaps matching the trend among the public, green leaders are increasingly
advocating cooperation between hunters and environmental groups: After all, both
deplore urban sprawl and habitat destruction.
51. What does the author say sounds ironic?
A) Some predators may often turn out to be prey of other predators.
B) Hunting may also be a solution to the problem caused by hunting.
C) The species of prey animals continue to vary despite humans' hunting-
D) The number of prey animals keeps rising despite environmental change.

----- PAGE 11 -----
52. What does Glenn Kirk think of charging hunters' license fees?
A) It keeps game population under control.
B) It turns hunting into a sport of the rich.
C) It leads to ecological imbalance.
D) It helps stop killing for pleasure.
53. What is the argument of the Humane Society of the United States against
hunting?
A) Overpopulation is not an issue for most hunted animals-
B) Hunting deprives animal populations of their food sources.
C) Many birds and small animals are being irrationally killed-
D) Hunting is universally acknowledged as a savage behavior.
54.When is hunting morally justifiable according to Gary E. Varner?
A) When it benefits animals and their ecosystem-
B) When it serves both human and animal interests.
C) When it is indispensable to humans' subsistence.
D) When it stabilizes the population of animal species.
55. What concept are green leaders trying to promote?
A) Effective protection of animal habitats.
B) Strict control over urban development.
C) Coordinated efforts of hunters and environmentalists.
D) A compromise between development and animal protection.
Part Ⅳ
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from
Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
《三国演义》(The Romance of the Three Kingdoms)是中国一部著名的历史小
说，写于十四世纪。这部文学作品以三国时期的历史为背景，描写了从公元二世
纪下半叶到公元三世纪下半叶的魏、蜀、吴三国之间的战争。小说中刻画了近千
个人物和无数的历史事件。这些人物和事件虽然大都基于真实的历史，但都不同
程度地浪漫化和戏剧化了。《三国演义》是一部公认的文学杰作。自面世以来，
这部小说不断吸引着一代又一代的读者，并且对中国文化产生着广泛而持久的影
响。

----- PAGE 12 -----
【参考答案】
【参考范文】
There is a famous saying that the best preparation for tomorrow is to do good
work today. Simple as the saying is, it informs us that one doesn’t need to worry about
the future if he can seize the moment.
It is generally believed that taking immediate action is of great importance.
Doing good work today enables people to achieve their great goals step by step.
Assume a college student who is indulged in his wishful thinking of passing the
CET-6 exam with a high score without any efforts and hard work，and he will be
devastated to accept the reality when he fails. The same thing may be said of some
grown-ups who aspire to gain fame and fortune but never bother to put their splendid
plans into practice immediately.
Therefore, by some means or other we must take action to pursue our goals. It is
necessary for us to aim high but our behaviors should also deserve our dreams. We are
supposed to put our efforts into every single day and never look down upon those
little tasks. Only in this way can we fulfill our dreams.
【1-5】ADBCB
【6-10】DACAD
【11-15】BADCB
【16-20】ADCDB
【21-25】ACDBB
【26-30】GEMKF
【31-35】BLDOA
【36-40】CJBAK
【41-45】EMHDL
【46-50】BDACC
【51-55】BCAAC
【翻译参考译文】
The Romance of the Three Kingdoms, which was written in the fourteenth
century, is a famous historical novel in China. Based on the history of the Three
Kingdoms period, this literary work describes the war between Wei, Shu and Wu from
the second half of the second century to the second half of the third century. The novel
depicts nearly a thousand characters and countless historical events. Although most of
these characters and events are based on the real history, they are romanticized and
dramatized to varying degrees. The Romance of the Three Kingdoms is recognized as
a literary masterpiece.Since its publication, this novel has attracted generations of
readers, and has a wide and lasting impact on Chinese culture.
