
----- PAGE 1 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2020年1 2 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 2 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and O). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Her house has not been repaired in time.
B) She has failed to reach the manager again.
C) Her claim has been completely disregarded.
D) She has not received any letter from the man.
2. A) The ground floor of their cottage was flooded.
B) Their caravan was washed away by the flood.
C) Their entire house was destroyed by the flood.
D) The roof of their cottage collapsed in the flood
3. A) The woman's misreading of the insurance company's letter.
B) The woman's ignorance of the insurance company's policy.
C) The woman's inaccurate description of the whole incident.
D) The woman's failure to pay her house insurance in time.
4. A) File a lawsuit against the insurance company.
B) Talk to the manager of Safe House Insurance.
C) Consult her lawyer about the insurance policy.
D) Revise the terms and conditions of the contract.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They work in different fields of AI technology.
B) They disagree about the future of AI technology.
C) They differ greatly in their knowledge of modern technology.
D) They are both worried about the negative impact of technology.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 3 -----
6. A) Simply writing AI software.
B) Stimulating and motivating.
C) Less time-consuming and focusing on creation.
D) More demanding and requiring special training.
7. A) There could be jobs nobody wants to do.
B) Digital life could replace human civilization.
C) Humans would be tired of communicating with one another.
D) Old people would be taken care of solely by unfeeling robots.
8. A) Life will become like a science fiction film.
B) It will take away humans, jobs altogether.
C) Chips will be inserted in human brains.
D) It will be smarter than human beings.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ) ,
C) and O). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Restrain themselves from high-risk investments.
B) Save one-fifth of their net monthly income.
C) Invest shrewdly in lucrative businesses.
D) Try to earn as much money as possible.
10. A) Start by doing something small.
B) Ask a close friend for advice.
C) Try to stick to their initial plan.
D) Cut 20% of their daily spending.
11. A) An optimistic attitude.
B) An ambitious plan.
C) A proper mindset.
D) A keen interest.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) She was uninterested in advertising.
B) She found her outfit inappropriate.
C) She was unhappy with fashion trends.
D) She often checked herself in a mirror.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 4 -----
13. A) To save the trouble of choosing a unique outfit every day.
B) To meet the expectations of fashion-conscious clients.
C) To keep up with the current trends.
D) To save the expenses on clothing.
14. A) It enhances people's ability to work independently.
B) It helps people succeed in whatever they are doing.
C) It matters a lot in jobs involving interaction with others.
D) It boosts one's confidence when looking for employment.
15. A) Design their own uniform to appear unique.
B) Wear classic pieces to impress their clients.
C) Fight the ever-changing trends in fashion.
D) Do whatever is possible to look smart.
Section C
Directions :历 this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Their obsession with consumption.
B) Their failure to accumulate wealth.
C) The ever-increasing costs of housing.
D) The deterioration of the environment.
17. A) Things that are rare to find.
B) Things that cost less money.
C) Things that boost efficiency.
D) Things that we cherish most.
18. A) They serve multiple purposes.
B) They benefit the environment.
C) They are mostly durable.
D) They are easily disposable.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) All respondents were afraid of making a high expense claim.
B) A number of respondents gave an average answer of 400 miles.
C) Over 10% of the respondents lied about the distance they drove.
D) Most of the respondents got compensated fbr driving 384 miles.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 5 -----
20. A) They responded to colleagues, suspicion.
B) They cared about other people's claims.
C) They wanted to protect their reputation.
D) They endeavored to actually be honest.
21. A) They seem positive.
B) They seem intuitive.
C) They are illustrative.
D) They are conclusive.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Deterioration in the quality of new music.
B) Insights into the features of good music.
C) Older people's changing musical tastes.
D) Older people's aversion to new music.
23. A) They no longer listen to new music.
B) They find all music sounds the same.
C) They can make subtle distinctions about music.
D) They seldom listen to songs released in their teens.
24. A) The more you are exposed to something, the more familiar ifll be to you.
B) The more you are exposed to something, the deeper you'll understand it.
C) The more you experience something, the longer you'll remember it.
D) The more you experience something, the better you'll appreciate it.
25. A) Teenagers, memories are more lasting. 
C) Teenagers are much more sensitive.
B) Teenagers5 emotions are more intense. 
D) Teenagers are much more sentimental.
Part III
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word far
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The idea of taxing things that are bad fbr society has a powerful allure. It offers the possibility of
a double benefit— 26 
harmful activities, while also providing the government with revenue.
Take sin taxes. Taxes on alcohol make it more expensive to get drunk, which reduces excessive
drinking and 
27 
driving. At the same time, they provide state and local governments with
billions of dollars of revenue. Tobacco taxes, which generate more than twice as much, have proven
28 
in the decline of smoking, which has saved millions of lives.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 6 -----
Taxes can also be an important tool for environmental protection, and many economists say
taxing carbon would be the best way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Economic theory says that
unlike income or sales taxes, carbon taxes can actually increase economic efficiency; because
companies that 
29 
carbon dioxide into the sky don't pay the costs of the climate change they
cause, carbon taxes would restore the proper 
30 
to the market.
In reality, carbon taxes alone won't be enough to halt global warming, but they would be a
useful part of any climate plan. Whafs more, the revenue from this tax, which would 
31 
be
hundreds of billions of dollars per year, could be handed out to citizens as a 
32 
or used to fund
green infrastructure projects.
Similarly, a wealth tax has been put forward as a way to reduce inequality while raising revenue.
The revenue from this tax, which some experts 
33 
will be over $4 trillion per decade, would be
designated for housing, child care, health care and other government benefits. If you believe, as many
do, that wealth inequality is 
34 
bad, then these taxes improve society while also 
35
government coffers( 金库).
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A n sw er S h e e t 2
A) discouraging
I) initially
B) dividend
J) instrumental
C) emotional
K) merging
D) fragments
L) predict
E) impaired
M) probably
F) imprisoned
N) pump
G) incentives
H) inherently
0) swelling
The Challenges for Artificial Intelligence in Agriculture
A) A group of corn farmers stands huddled around an agronomist ( 农学家) and his computer on the
side of an irrigation machine in central South Africa. The agronomist has just flown over the field
with a hybrid unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) that takes off and lands using propellers yet
maintains distance and speed for scanning vast hectares of land through the use of its fixed wings.
6 - 5

----- PAGE 7 -----
B) The UAV is fitted with a four spectral band precision sensor that conducts onboard processing
immediately after the flight, allowing farmers and field staff to address, almost immediately, any
crop abnormalities that the sensor may have recorded, making the data collection truly real-time.
C) In this instance, the farmers and agronomist are looking to specialized software to give them an
accurate plant population count. Ifs been 10 days since the corn emerged and the farmer wants to
determine if there are any parts of the field that require replanting due to a lack of emergence or
wind damage, which can be severe in the early stages of the summer rainy season.
D) At this growth stage of the planfs development, the farmer has another 10 days to conduct any
replanting before the majority of his fertilizer and chemical applications need to occur. Once these
have been applied, it becomes economically unviable to take corrective action, making any further
collected data historical and useful only to inform future practices for the season to come.
E) The software completes its processing in under 15 minutes producing a plant population count
map. It's difficult to grasp just how impressive this is, without understanding that just over a year
ago it would have taken three to five days to process the exact same data set, illustrating the
advancements that have been achieved in precision agriculture and remote sensing in recent years.
With the software having been developed in the United States on the same variety of crops in
seemingly similar conditions, the agronomist feels confident that the software will produce a near
accurate result.
F) As the map appears on the screen, the agronomisfs face begins to drop. Having walked through
the planted rows before the flight to gain a physical understanding of the situation on the ground,
he knows the instant he sees the data on his screen that the plant count is not correct, and so do
the farmers, even with their limited understanding of how to read remote sensing maps.
G) Hypothetically, it is possible for machines to learn to solve any problem on earth relating to the
physical interaction of all things within a defined or contained environment by using artificial
intelligence and machine learning.
H) Remote sensors enable algorithms(算法)to interpret a field's environment as statistical data that
can be understood and useful to farmers for decision-making. Algorithms process the data,
adapting and learning based on the data received. The more inputs and statistical information
collected, the better the algorithm will be at predicting a range of outcomes. And the aim is that
farmers can use this artificial intelligence to achieve their goal of a better harvest through making
better decisions in the field.
I) In 2011, IBM, through its R&D Headquarters in Haifa, Israel, launched an agricultural cloud­
computing project. The project, in collaboration with a number of specialized IT and agricultural
6 • 6

----- PAGE 8 -----
partners, had one goal in mind- to take a variety of academic and physical data sources from an
agricultural environment and turn these into automatic predictive solutions for farmers that would
assist them in making real-time decisions in the field.
J) Interviews with some of the IBM project team members at the time revealed that the team believed it
was entirely possible to 41 algorithm" agriculture, meaning that algorithms could solve any problem in
the world. Earlier that year, IBNfs cognitive learning system, Watson, competed in the game
Jeopardy against former winners Brad Rutter and Ken Jennings with astonishing results. Several
years later, Watson went on to produce ground-breaking achievements in the field of medicine.
K) So why did the project have such success in medicine but not agriculture? Because it is one of the
most difficult fields to contain fbr the purpose of statistical quantification. Even within a single
field, conditions are always changing from one section to the next. There's unpredictable weather,
changes in soil quality, and the ever-present possibility that pests and diseases may pay a visit.
Growers may feel their prospects are good for an upcoming harvest, but until that day arrives, the
outcome will always be uncertain.
L) By comparison, our bodies are a contained environment. Agriculture takes place in nature, among
ecosystems of interacting organisms and activity, and crop production takes place within that
ecosystem environment. But these ecosystems are not contained. They are subject to climatic
occurrences such as weather systems, which impact upon hemispheres as a whole, and from
continent to continent. Therefore, understanding how to manage an agricultural environment means
taking literally many hundreds if not thousands of factors into account.
M) What may occur with the same seed and fertilizer program in the United States' Midwest region is
almost certainly unrelated to what may occur with the same seed and fertilizer program in
Australia or South Africa. A few factors that could impact on variation would typically include
the measurement of rain per unit of a crop planted, soil type, patterns of soil degradation, daylight
hours, temperature and so forth.
N) So the problem with deploying machine learning and artificial intelligence in agriculture is not that
scientists lack the capacity to develop programs and protocols to begin to address the biggest of
growers' concerns; the problem is that in most cases, no two environments will be exactly alike,
which makes the testing, validation and successful rollout of such technologies much more
laborious than in most other industries.
O) Practically, to say that AI and Machine Learning can be developed to solve all problems related to
our physical environment is to basically say that we have a complete understanding of all aspects
of the interaction of physical or material activity on the planet. After all, it is only through our
understanding of 4 the nature of things5 that protocols and processes are designed fbr the rational
6 - 7

----- PAGE 9 -----
capabilities of cognitive systems to take place. And, although AI and Machine Learning are teaching
us many things about how to understand our environment, we are still far from being able to predict
critical outcomes in fields like agriculture purely tlirough the cognitive ability of machines.
P) Backed by the venture capital community, which is now investing billions of dollars in the sector,
most agricultural technology startups today are pushed to complete development as quickly as
possible and then encouraged to flood the market as quickly as possible with their products.
Q) This usually results in a failure of a product, which leads to skepticism from the market and
delivers a blow to the integrity of Machine Learning technology. In most cases, the problem is not
that the technology does not work, the problem is that industry has not taken the time to respect
that agriculture is one of the most uncontained environments to manage. For technology to truly
make an impact on agriculture, more effort, skills, and funding is needed to test these technologies
in farmers5 fields.
R) There is huge potential for artificial intelligence and machine learning to revolutionize agriculture
by integrating these technologies into critical markets on a global scale. Only then can it make a
difference to the grower, where it really counts.
36. Farmers will not profit from replanting once they have applied most of the fertilizer and other
chemicals to their fields.
37. Agriculture differs from the medical science of the human body in that its environment is not a
contained one.
38. The agronomist is sure that he will obtain a near accurate count of plant population with his
software.
39. The application of artificial intelligence to agriculture is much more challenging than to most other
industries.
40. Even the farmers know the data provided by the UAV is not correct.
41. The pressure for quick results leads to product failure, which, in turn, arouses doubts about the
applicability of AI technology to agriculture.
42. Remote sensors are aimed to help farmers improve decision-making to increase yields.
43. The farmer expects the software to tell him whether he will have to replant any parts of his farm
fields.
6 - 8

----- PAGE 10 -----
44. Agriculture proves very difficult to quantify because of the constantly changing conditions involved.
45. The same seed and fertilizer program may yield completely different outcomes in different places.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
What is the place of art in a culture of inattention? Recent visitors to the Louvre report that
tourists can now spend only a minute in front of the Mona Lisa before being asked to move on. Much
of that time, for some of them, is spent taking photographs not even of the painting but of themselves
with the painting in the background.
One view is that we have democratised tourism and gallery-going so much that we have made it
effectively impossible to appreciate what we've travelled to see. In this oversubscribed society,
experience becomes a commodity like any other. There are queues to climb Mt. Jolmo Lungma as
well as to see famous paintings. Leisure, thus conceived, is hard labour, and returning to work
becomes a well-earned break from the ordeal.
What gets lost in this industrialised haste is the quality of looking. Consider an extreme example,
the late philosopher Richard Wollheim. When he visited the Louvre he could spent as much as four
hours sitting before a painting. The first hour, he claimed, was necessary for misperceptions to be
eliminated. It was only then that the picture would begin to disclose itself. This seems unthinkable
today, but it is still possible to organise. Even in the busiest museums there are many rooms and many
pictures worth hours of contemplation which the crowds largely ignore. Sometimes the largest crowds
are partly the products of bad management; the Mona Lisa is such a hurried experience today partly
because the museum is being reorganised. The Uffizi in Florence, another site of cultural pilgrimage,
has cut its entry queues down to seven minutes by clever management. And there are some forms of
art, those designed to be spectacles as well as objects of contemplation, which can work perfectly well
in the face of huge crowds.
Olafiir Eliasson's current Tate Modern show, for instance, might seem nothing more than an
entertainment, overrun as it is with kids romping ( 喧闹地玩耍) in fbg rooms and spray mist
installations. But ifs more than that: where Eliasson is at his most entertaining, he is at his most serious
too, and his disorienting installations bring home the reality of the destructive effects we are having
on the planet- not least what we are doing to the glaciers of Eliasson's beloved Iceland.
6 - 9

----- PAGE 11 -----
Marcel Proust, another lover of the Louvre, wrote: "It is only through art that we can escape
from ourselves and know how another person sees the universe, whose landscapes would otherwise
have remained as unknown as any on the moon/' If any art remains worth seeing, it must lead us to
such escapes. But a minute in front of a painting in a hurried crowd won't do that.
46. What does the scene at the Louvre demonstrate according to the author?
A) The enormous appeal of a great piece of artistic work to tourists.
B) The near impossibility of appreciating art in an age of mass tourism.
C) The ever-growing commercial value of long-cherished artistic works.
D) The real difficulty in getting a glimpse at a masterpiece amid a crowd.
47. Why did the late philosopher Richard Wollheim spend four hours before a picture?
A) It takes time to appreciate a piece of art fully.
B) It is quite common to misinterpret artistic works.
C) The longer people contemplate a picture, the more likely they will enjoy it.
D) The more time one spends before a painting, the more valuable one finds it.
48. What does the case of the Uffizi in Florence show?
A) Art works in museums should be better taken care of
B) Sites of cultural pilgrimage are always flooded with visitors.
C) Good management is key to handling large crowds of visitors.
D) Large crowds of visitors cause management problems fbr museums.
49. What do we learn from Olafur Eliasson's current Tate Modern show?
A) Children learn to appreciate art works most effectively while they are playing.
B) It is possible to combine entertainment with appreciation of serious art.
C) Art works about the environment appeal most to young children.
D) Some forms of art can accommodate huge crowds of visitors.
50. What can art do according to Marcel Proust?
A) Enable us to live a much fuller life.
B) Allow us to escape the harsh reality.
C) Help us to see the world from a different perspective.
D) Urge us to explore the unknown domain of the universe.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Every five years, the government tries to tell Americans what to put in their bellies. Eat more
vegetables. Dial back the fats. Ifs all based on the best available science for leading a healthy life. But
6 - 10

----- PAGE 12 -----
the best available science also has a lot to say about what those food choices do to the environment,
and some researchers are annoyed that new dietary recommendations of the USDA (United States
Department of Agriculture) released yesterday seem to utterly ignore that fact.
Broadly, the 2016-2020 dietary recommendations aim for balance: More vegetables, leaner
meats and far less sugar.
But Americans consume more calories per capita than almost any other country in the world. So
the things Americans eat have a huge impact on climate change. Soil tilling releases carbon dioxide,
and delivery vehicles emit exhaust. The governmenfs dietary guidelines could have done a lot to
lower that climate cost. Not just because of their position of authority: The guidelines drive billions of
dollars of food production through federal programs like school lunches and nutrition assistance for
the needy.
On its own, plant and animal agriculture contributes 9 percent of all the country's greenhouse gas
emissions. Thafs not counting the fuel burned in transportation, processing, refrigeration, and other
way points between farm and belly. Red meats are among the biggest and most notorious emitters, but
trucking a salad from California to Minnesota in January also carries a significant burden. And
greenhouse gas emissions aren't the whole story. Food production is the largest user of fresh water,
largest contributor to the loss of biodiversity, and a major contributor to using up natural resources.
All of these points and more showed up in the Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee's
scientific report, released last February. Miriam Nelson chaired the subcommittee in charge of
sustainability fbr the report, and is disappointed that eating less meat and buying local food aren't in
the final product. u Especially if you consider that eating less meat, especially red and processed, has
health benefits,v she says.
So what happened? The official response is that sustainability falls too far outside the guidelines,
official scope, which is to provide 11 nutritional and dietary information."
Possibly the agencies in charge of drafting the decisions are too close to the industries they are
supposed to regulate. On one hand, the USDA is compiling dietary advice. On the other, their clients
are US agriculture companies.
The line about keeping the guidelines7 scope to nutrition and diet doesn't ring quite right with
researchers. David Wallinga, for example, says, “ In previous guidelines, they've always been
concerned with things like food security- which is presumably the mission of the USDA. You
absolutely need to be worried about climate impacts and future sustainability if you want secure food
in the future."
51. Why are some researchers irritated at the USDA's 2016-2020 Dietary Guidelines?
A) It ignores the harmful effect of red meat and processed food on health.
B) Too much emphasis is given to eating less meat and buying local food.
C) The dietary recommendations are not based on medical science.
D) It takes no notice of the potential impact on the environment.
6 • 11

----- PAGE 13 -----
52. Why does the author say the USDA could have contributed a lot to lowering the climate cost
through its dietary guidelines?
A) It has the capacity and the financial resources to do so.
B) Its researchers have already submitted relevant proposals.
C) Its agencies in charge of drafting the guidelines have the expertise.
D) It can raise students5 environmental awareness through its programs.
53. What do we learn from the Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee's scientific report?
A) Food is easily contaminated from farm to belly.
B) Greenhouse efifect is an issue still under debate.
C) Modern agriculture has increased food diversity.
D) Farming consumes most of our natural resources.
54. What may account fbr the neglect of sustainability in the USDA's Dietary Guidelines according to
the author?
A) Its exclusive concern with Americans, food safety.
B) Its sole responsibility fbr providing dietary advice.
C) Its close ties with the agriculture companies.
D) Its alleged failure to regulate the industries.
55. What should the USDA do to achieve food security according to David Wallinga?
A) Give top priority to things like nutrition and food security.
B) Endeavor to ensure the sustainable development of agriculture.
C) Fulfill its mission by closely cooperating with the industries.
D) Study the long-term impact of climate change on food production.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
青藏铁路是世界上最高最长的高原铁路，全长1 956公里,其中有960公里在海拔4 000多
米之上，是连接西藏和中国其他地区的第一条铁路。由于铁路穿越世界上最脆弱的生态系统，
在建设期间和建成后都采取了生态保护措施，以确保其成为一条“绿色铁路”。青藏铁路大大
缩短了中国内地与西藏之间的旅行时间。更重要的是，它极大地促进了西藏的经济发展，改善
了当地居民的生活。铁路开通后,愈来愈多的人选择乘火车前往西藏，这样还有机会欣赏沿线
的美景。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 14 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on why students should be
encouraged to develop creativity. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 15 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2020年1 2 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 16 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) , B) , C) and O). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) A driving test. 
C) Traffic routes.
B) A video game. 
D) Cargo logistics.
扫码获音频
2. A) He found it instructive and realistic.
B) He bought it when touring Europe.
C) He was really drawn to its other versions.
D) He introduced it to his brother last year.
3. A) Traveling all over the country.
B) Driving from one city to another.
C) The details in the driving simulator.
D) The key role of the logistics industry.
4. A) Clearer road signs.
B) More people driving safely.
C) Stricter traffic rules.
D) More self-driving trucks on the road.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It isn't so enjoyable as he expected.
B) It isn't so motivating as he believed.
C) It doesn't enable him to earn as much money as he used to.
D) It doesn't seem to offer as much freedom as he anticipated.
6. A) Not all of them care about their employees5 behaviors.
B) Few of them are aware of their employees5 feelings.
C) Few of them offer praise and reward to their employees.
D) Not all of them know how to motivate their employees.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 17 -----
7. A) Job satisfaction.
B) Self-awareness.
C) Autonomy.
D) Money.
8. A) The importance of cultivating close relationships with clients.
B) The need fbr getting recommendations from their managers.
C) The advantages of permanent full-time employment.
D) The way to explore employees7 interests and talents.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) ,B) ,C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er S heet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Consumers visualize their activities in different weather.
B) Good weather triggers consumers, desire to go shopping.
C) Weather conditions influence consumers, buying behavior.
D) Consumers7 mental states change with the prices of goods.
10. A) Active consumption. 
C) Individual association.
B) Direct correlation. 
D) Mental visualization.
11. A) Enabling them to simplify their mathematical formulas.
B) Helping them determine what to sell and at what price.
C) Enabling them to sell their products at a higher price.
D) Helping them advertise a greater variety of products.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) A naturally ventilated office is more comfortable.
B) A cool office will boost employees5 productivity.
C) Office air-conditioning should follow guidebooks.
D) Air-conditioning improves ventilation in the office.
13. A) People in their comfort zone of temperature are more satisfied with their productivity.
B) People in different countries vary in their tolerance to uncomfortable temperatures.
C) Twenty-two degrees is the optimal temperature for office workers.
D) There is a range of temperatures fbr people to feel comfortable.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 18 -----
14. A) It will have no negative impact on work.
B) It will be immediately noticeable.
C) It will sharply decrease work efficiency.
D) It will cause a lot of discomfort.
15. A) They tend to favor lower temperatures.
B) They suffer from rapid temperature changes.
C) They are not bothered by temperature extremes.
D) They become less sensitive to high temperatures.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It overlooked the possibility that emotions may be controlled.
B) It ignored the fact that emotions are personal and subjective.
C) It classified emotions simply as either positive or negative.
D) It measured positive and negative emotions independently.
17. A) Sitting alone without doing anything seemed really distressing.
B) Solitude adversely affected the participants, mental well-being.
C) Sitting alone for 15 minutes made the participants restless.
D) Solitude had a reductive effect on high-arousal emotions.
18. A) It proved hard to depict objectively.
B) It went hand in hand with sadness.
C) It helped increase low-arousal emotions.
D) It tended to intensify negative emotions.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It uses up much less energy than it does in deep thinking.
B) It remains inactive without burning calories noticeably.
C) It continues to burn up calories to help us stay in shape.
D) It consumes almost a quarter of the body's total energy.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 19 -----
20. A) Much of the consumption has nothing to do with conscious activities.
B) It has something to do with the difficulty of the activities in question.
C) Energy usage devoted to active learning accounts for a big part of it.
D) A significant amount of it is for performing difficult cognitive tasks.
21. A) It is believed to remain basically constant.
B) It is a prerequisite for any mental activity.
C) It is conducive to relieving mental exhaustion.
D) It is thought to be related to food consumption.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Job candidates rarely take it seriously.
B) Job seekers tend to have a ready answer.
C) Job seekers often feel at a loss where to start in answering it.
D) Job candidates can respond freely due to its open-ended nature.
23. A) Follow their career coaches5 guidelines.
B) Strive to take control of their narrative.
C) Do their best to impress the interviewer.
D) Repeat the information on their resume.
24. A) To reflect on their past achievements as well as failures.
B) To produce examples fbr different interview questions.
C) To discuss important details they are going to present.
D) To identify a broad general strength to elaborate on.
25. A) Getting acquainted with the human resources personnel.
B) Finding out why the company provides the job opening.
C) Figuring out what benefits the company is able to offer them.
D) Tailoring their expectations to the company's long-term goal.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word far
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 20 -----
Virtually every activity that entails or facilitates in-person human interaction seems to be in the
midst of a total meltdown as the coronavirus (冠W夫病毒)outbreak erases Americans, desire to travel.
Amtrak says bookings are down 50 percent and cancelations are up 300 percent. Hotels in San
Francisco are experiencing 
26 
rates between 70 and 80 percent. Broadway goes dark on
Thursday night. Universities, now emptying their campuses, have never tried online learning on this
27 
. White-collar companies like Amazon, Apple, and the New York Times are asking employees
to work from home for the 
28 
future.
But what happens after the coronavirus?
In some ways, the answer is: All the old normal stuff. The pandemic( 大流行病)will take lives,
29 
economies and destroy routines, but it will pass. Americans will never stop going to
basketball games. They won't stop going on vacation. They'll meet to do business. No decentralizing
technology so far- not telephones, not television, and not the internet- has dented that human desire
to shake hands, despite technologists, 
30 
to the contrary.
Yet there are real reasons to think that things will not return to the way they were last week.
Small 
31 
create small societal shifts; big ones change things for good. The New York transit
strike of 1980 is 
32 
with prompting several long-term changes in the city, including bus and bike
lanes, and women wearing sports shoes to work. The Spanish flu pandemic of 1918 prompted the
development of national health care in Europe.
Here and now, this might not even be a question of 
33 
. Ifs not clear that the cruise industry
will 
34 
, Or that public transit won't go broke without 
35 
assistance. The infrastructure might
not even be in place to do what we were doing in 2019.
A)
credentials
I)
scale
B)
credited
J)
strangle
C)
cumulative
K)
subtle
D)
disruptions
L)
summoned
E)
federal
M) survive
F)
foreseeable
N)
vacancy
G)
predictions
O)
wedge
H)
preference
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by markiTig the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2 .
6 - 5

----- PAGE 21 -----
Slow Hope
A) Our world is full of- mostly untold- stories of slow hope, driven by the idea that change is
possible. They are ' slow' in their unfolding, and they are slow because they come with setbacks.
B) At the beginning of time- so goes the myth—humans suffered, shivering in the cold and dark
until the titan ( 巨人)Prometheus stole fire from the gods. Just as in the myth, technology—first
fire and stone tools, and later farming, the steam engine and industry, fossil fuels, chemicals and
nuclear power- has allowed us to alter and control the natural world. The myth also reminds us
that these advances have come at a price: as a punishment fbr Prometheus, crime, the gods created
Pandora, and they gave her a box filled with evils and curses. When Pandora's box was opened, it
unleashed swarms of diseases and disasters upon humankind.
C) Today we can no longer ignore the ecological curses that we have released in our search for
warmth and comfort. In engineering and exploiting and transforming our habitat, we have opened
tens of thousands of Pandora's boxes. In recent decades, environmental threats have expanded
beyond regional boundaries to have global reach and, most hauntingly, are multiplying at a
dizzying rate. On a regular basis, we are reminded that we are running out of time. Year after year,
faster and faster, consumption outpaces the biological capacity of our planet. Stories of accelerated
catastrophe multiply. We fear the breakdown of the electric grid, the end of non-renewable
resources, the expansion of deserts, the loss of islands, and the pollution of our air and water.
D) Acceleration is the signature of our time. Populations and economic activity grew slowly for much
of human history. For thousands of years and well into early modern times, world economies saw
no growth at all, but from around the mid-19th century and again, in particular, since the mid-
20th, the real GDP has increased at an enormous speed, and so has human consumption. In the
Middle Ages, households in Central Europe might have owned fewer than 30 objects on average;
in 1900, this number had increased to 400, and in 2020 to 15,000. The acceleration of human
production, consumption and travel has changed the animate and inanimate spheres. It has echoed
through natural processes on which humans depend. Species extinction, deforestation, damming of
rivers, occurrence of floods, the depletion of ozone, the degradation of ocean systems and many
other areas are all experiencing acceleration. If represented graphically, the curve for all these
changes looks rather like that well-known hockey stick: with little change over millennia (数千年)
and a dramatic upswing over the past decades.
E) Some of today's narratives about the future seem to suggest that we too, like Prometheus, will be
saved by a new Hercules, a divine engineer, someone who will mastermind, manoeuvre and
manipulate our planet. They suggest that geoengineering, cold fusion or faster-than-light
spaceships might transcend once and for all the terrestrial constraints of rising temperatures, lack
of energy, scarcity of food, lack of space, mountains of waste, polluted water- you name it.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 22 -----
F) Yet, if we envisage our salvation to come from a deus ex machina (解围之神)，from a divine
engineer or a tech solutionist who will miraculously conjure up a new source of energy or another
cure-all with revolutionary potency, we might be looking in the wrong place. The fact that we
now imagine our planet as a whole does not mean that the ' rescue' of our planet will come with
one big global stroke of genius and technology. It will more likely come by many small acts.
Global heating and environmental degradation are not technological problems. They are highly
political issues that are informed by powerful interests. Moreover, if history is a guide, then we
can assume that any major transformations will once again be followed by a huge set of
unintended consequences. So what do we do?
G) This much is clear: we need to find ways that help us flatten the hockey-stick curves that reflect
our ever-faster pace of ecological destruction and social acceleration. If we acknowledge that
human manipulation of the Earth has been a destructive force, we can also imagine that human
endeavours can help us build a less destructive world in the centuries to come. We might keep
making mistakes. But we will also keep learning from our mistakes.
H) To counter the fears of disaster, we need to identify stories, visions and actions that work quietly
towards a more hopeful future. Instead of one big narrative, a story of unexpected rescue by a
larger-than-life hero, we need multiple stories: we need stories, not only of what Rob Nixon of
Princeton University has called the 1 slow violence' of environmental degradation (that is, the
damage that is often invisible at first and develops slowly and gradually), but also stories of what I
call ' slow hope
I) We need an acknowledgement of our present ecological plight but also a language of positive
change, visions of a better future. In The Principle of Hope (1954-1959), Ernst Bloch, one of the
leading philosophers of the future, wrote that 'the most tragic form of loss... is the loss of the
capacity to imagine that things could be different'. We need to identify visions and paths that will
help us imagine a different, more just and more ecological world. Hope, for Bloch, has its starting
point in fear, in uncertainty, and in crisis: it is a creative force that goes hand in hand with utopian
(乌托邦的)4 wishful images5 . It can be found in cultural products of the past-in fairy tales, in
fiction, in architecture, in music, in the movies―in products of the human mind that contain ' the
outlines of a better world'. What makes us ' authentic' as humans are visions of our ' potential, .
In other words: living in hope makes us human.
J) The power of small, grassroots movements to make changes that spread beyond their place of
origin can be seen with the Slow Food movement, which began in Italy in the 1980s. The rise of
fast-food restaurants after the Second World War produced a society full of cheap, industrially
made foodstuffs. Under the leadership of Carlo Petrini, the Slow Food movement began in
Piedmont, a region of Italy with a long history of poverty, violence and resistance to oppression.
The movement transformed it into a region hospitable to traditional food cultures—based on
6 ・
 7

----- PAGE 23 -----
native plants and breeds of animals. Today, Slow Food operates in more than 160 countries, poor
and rich. It has given rise to thousands of projects around the globe, representing democratic
politics, food sovereignty, biodiversity and sustainable agriculture.
K） The unscrupulous （无所顾忌的）commodification of food and the destruction of foodstuffs will
continue to devastate soils, livelihoods and ecologies. Slow Food cannot undo the irresistible
developments of the global food economy, but it can upset its theorists, it can ' speak dififerently',
and it can allow people and their local food traditions and environments to flourish. Even in the
United States- the fast-food nation- small farms and urban gardens are on the rise. The US
Department of Agriculture provides an Urban Agriculture Toolkit and, according to a recent
report, American millennials （千禧一代）are changing their diets. In 2017, 6 per cent of US
consumers claimed to be strictly vegetarian, up from 1 per cent in 2014. As more people realise
that ' eating is an agricultural a c t', as the US poet and environmental activist Wendell Berry put it
in 1989, slow hope advances.
36. It seems some people today dream that a cutting-edge new technology might save them from the
present ecological disaster.
37. According to one great thinker, it is most unfortunate if we lose the ability to think differently.
38. Urgent attention should be paid to the ecological problems we have created in our pursuit of a
comfortable life.
39. Even in the fast-food nation America, the number of vegetarians is on the rise.
40. The deterioration of the ecological system is accelerating because of the dramatic increase of
human production and consumption.
41. It is obvious that solutions must be found to curb the fast worsening environment and social
acceleration.
42. Many people believe changing the world is possible, though it may take time and involve
setbacks.
43. It might be wrong to expect that our world would be saved at one stroke with some miraculous
technology.
44. It is human nature to cherish hopes fbr a better world.
45. Technology has given us humans the power to change the natural world, but we have paid a price
for the change.
6 • 8

----- PAGE 24 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Vegetarians would prefer not to be compelled to eat meat. Yet the reverse compulsion (强迫)is
hidden in the proposals for a new plant-based u planetary diet/' Nowhere is this more visible than in
India.
Earlier this year, the EAT-Lancet Commission released its global report on nutrition and called
for a global shift to a more plant-based diet and for 44 substantially reducing consumption of animal
source foods." In countries like India, that call could become a tool to aggravate an already tense
political situation and stress already undernourished populations.
The EAT report presumes that <ltraditional diets" in countries like India include little red meat,
which might be consumed only on special occasions or as minor ingredients in mixed dishes.
In India, however, there is a vast difference between what people would wish to consume and
what they have to consume because of innumerable barriers around class, religion, culture, cost,
geography, etc. Pol icy makers in India have traditionally pushed for a cereal-heavy 14 vegetarian diet"
on a meat-eating population as a way of providing the cheapest sources of food.
Currently, under an aggressive Hindu nationalist government, Muslims, Christians, disadvantaged
classes and indigenous communities are being compelled to give up their traditional foods.
None of these concerns seem to have been appreciated by the EAT-Lancet Commission's
representative, Brent Loken, who said u India has got such a great example" in sourcing protein from
plants.
But how much of a model for the world is India's vegetarianism? In the Global Hunger Index
2019, the country ranks 102nd out of 117. Data from the National Family Health Survey indicate that
only 10 percent of infants of 6 to 23 months are adequately fed.
Which is why calls for a plant-based diet modeled on India risk offering another whip with
which to beat already vulnerable communities in developing countries.
A diet directed at the affluent West fails to recognize that in low-income countries
undernourished children are known to benefit from the consumption of milk and other animal source
foods, improving cognitive functions, while reducing the prevalence of nutritional deficiencies as well
as mortality.
EAT-Lancet claimed its intention was to u spark conversationsn among all Indian stakeholders.
Yet vocal critics of the food processing industry and food fortification strategies have been left out of
the debate. But the most conspicuous omission may well be the absence of India's farmers.
The government, however, seems to have given the report a thumps-up. Rather than addressing
6 • 9

----- PAGE 25 -----
chronic hunger and malnutrition through an improved access to wholesome and nutrient-dense foods,
the government is opening the door fbr company-dependent solutions, ignoring the environmental and
economic cost, which will destroy local food systems. Ifs a model full of danger for future
generations.
46. What is more visible in India than anywhere else according to the passage?
A) People's positive views on the proposals fbr a u planetary diet."
B) People's reluctance to be compelled to eat plant-based food.
C) People's preferences for the kind of food they consume.
D) People's unwillingness to give up their eating habits.
47. What would the EAT-Lancet Commission's report do to many people in countries like India?
A) Radically change their dietary habits.
B) Keep them further away from politics.
C) Make them even more undernourished.
D) Substantially reduce their food choices.
48. What do we learn from the passage about food consumption in India?
A) People's diet will not change due to the EAT-Lancet report.
B) Many people simply do not have access to foods they prefer.
C) There is a growing popularity of a cereal-heavy vegetarian diet.
D) Policymakers help remove the barriers to people's choice of food.
49. What does the passage say about a plant-based diet modeled on India?
A) It may benefit populations whose traditional diet is meat-based.
B) It may be another blow to the economy in developing countries.
C) It may help narrow the gap between the rich and poor countries.
D) It may worsen the nourishment problem in low-income countries.
50. How does the Indian government respond to the EAT-Lancet Commission's proposals?
A) It accepts them at the expense of the long-term interests of its people.
B) It intends them to spark conversations among all Indian stakeholders.
C) It gives them approval regardless of opposition from nutrition experts.
D) It welcomes them as a tool to address chronic hunger and malnutrition.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Back in 1964, in his book Games People Play, psychiatrist Eric Berne described a pattern of
conversation he called “Why Don't You—Yes But”, which remains one of the most irritating aspects
6 - 10

----- PAGE 26 -----
of everyday social life. The person adopting the strategy is usually a chronic complainer. Something is
terrible about their relationship, job, or other situation, and they moan about it ceaselessly, but find
some excuse to dismiss any solution that's proposed. The reason, of course, is that on some level they
don't want a solution; they want to be validated in their position that the world is out to get them. If
they can "win" the game- dismissing every suggestion until their 加征“ ocWor( 对话者)gives up in
annoyance—they get to feel pleasurably righteous ( 正当的) in their resentments and excused from
any obligation to change.
Part of the trouble here is the so-called responsibility/fault fallacy ( 谬误). When you're feeling
hard done by- taken fbr granted by your partner, say, or obliged to work for a half-witted boss一ifs
easy to become attached to the position that it's not your job to address the matter, and that doing so
would be an admission of fault. But there's a confusion here. For example, if I were to discover a
newborn at my front door, it wouldn't be my fault, but it most certainly would be my responsibility.
There would be choices to make, and no possibility of avoiding them, since trying to ignore the
matter would be a choice. The point is that what goes fbr the baby on the doorstep is true in all cases:
even if the other person is 100% in the wrong, there's nothing to be gained, long-term, from using
this as a justification to evade responsibility.
Should you find yourself on the receiving end of this kind of complaining, there's an ingenious
way to shut it down- which is to agree with it, ardently. Psychotherapist Lori Gottlieb describes this
as u over-validation". For one thing, you'll be spared further moaning, since the other person's
motivation was to confirm her beliefs, and now you're confirming them. But for another, as Gottlieb
notes, people confronted with over-validation often hear their complaints afresh and start arguing
back. The notion that they're utterly powerless suddenly seems unrealistic- not to mention rather
annoying- so they're prompted instead to generate ideas about how they might change things.
“And then, sometimes, something magical might happen," Gottlieb writes. The other person
u might realise she's not as trapped as you are saying she is, or as she feels.W hich illustrates the
irony of the responsibility/fault fallacy: evading responsibility feels comfortable, but turns out to be a
prison; whereas assuming responsibility feels unpleasant, but ends up being freeing.
51. What is characteristic of a chronic complainer, according to psychiatrist Eric Berne?
A) They only feel angry about their ill treatment and resent whoever tries to help.
B) They are chronically unhappy and ceaselessly find fault with people around them.
C) They constantly dismiss others5 proposals while taking no responsibility for tackling the problem.
D) They lack the knowledge and basic skills required fbr successful conversations with their
interlocutors.
52. What does the author try to illustrate with the example of the newborn on one's doorstep?
A) People tend to think that one should not be held responsible for others5 mistakes.
B) It is easy to become attached to the position of overlooking one's own fault.
C) People are often at a loss when confronted with a number of choices.
D) A distinction should be drawn between responsibility and fault.
6 • 11

----- PAGE 27 -----
53. What does the author advise people to do to chronic complainers?
A) Stop them from going further by agreeing with them.
B) Listen to their complaints ardently and sympathetically.
C) Ask them to validate their beliefs with further evidence.
D) Persuade them to clarify the confusion they have caused.
54. What happens when chronic complainers receive over-validation?
A) They are motivated to find ingenious ways to persuade their interlocutor.
B) They are prompted to come up with ideas for making possible changes.
C) They are stimulated to make more complaints.
D) They are encouraged to start arguing back.
55. How can one stop being a chronic complainer according to the author?
A) Analysing the so-called responsibility/fault fallacy.
B) Avoiding hazardous traps in everyday social life.
C) Assuming responsibility to free oneself.
D) Awaiting something magical to happen.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A nsw er SheGt 2.
港珠澳大桥(Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge)全长5 5 公里，是我国一项不同寻常的工程
壮举。大桥将三个城市连接起来，是世界上最长的跨海桥梁和隧道系统。大桥将三个城市之间
的旅行时间从3 小时缩短到3 0 分钟。这座跨度巨大的钢筋混凝土大桥充分证明中国有能力建
造创纪录的巨型建筑。它将助推区域一体化，促进经济增长。大桥是中国发展自己的大湾区总
体规划的关键。中国希望将大湾区建成在技术创新和经济繁荣上能与旧金山、纽约和东京的湾
区相媲美的地区。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 28 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on why students should be
encouraged to develop effective communication skills. You should write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 29 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2020年12月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 30 -----
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
特别说明
¥ 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
«
I 第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
, ^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » 7 '
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is
identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the
bank more than once.
Social distancing is putting people out of work, canceling school and tanking the stock market. It
has been 
26 
by fear, and it is creating even more fear as money problems and uncertainty grow.
However, at its core is love, and a sacrifice to protect those most 
27 
to the coronavirus (冠月尖病
毒) effects- the elderly, people with compromised immune systems, and those whose life-saving
resources would be used up by a 
28 
epidemic.
Americans make life-saving decisions every day as a matter of course. We cut food into bite-
sized pieces, we wear seatbelts, and we take care not to exceed the speed limit. But social distancing
is 
29 
in that it is completely self-sacrificing. Those who will benefit may be the elderly relatives
of the 
30 
person we didn't pass in Starbucks, on the subway, or in the elevator.
Social distancing is millions of people making hundreds of sacrifices to keep the elderly alive. It
doesn't include the 
31 
to run from society or make an excuse to avoid one's obligations- such as
life-saving medical work or the parental obligation to buy groceries. What it does include is applying
love through caution. And in doing so, it offers an 
32 
opportunity for those who care about the
elderly to find new ways to love them.
If we're not 
33 
as much in our normal work or school, we have extra time to call parents
and grandparents. We can also ask elderly relatives how to best support them 
34 
and use our
sacrifices as an opportunity to bring us, our community and the world 
35 
.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 31 -----
A)
amazing
I)
sentimentally
B)
closer
J)
spiritually
C)
driven
K)
temptations
D)
engaged
L)
thriftier
E)
malignant
M) tickled
F)
oppressing
N)
unique
G)
premises
0)
vulnerable
H)
random
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2.
Why Lifelong Learning Is the International Passport to Success
A) Picture yourself at a college graduation day, with a fresh cohort (一群)of students about to set sail
for new horizons. What are they thinking while they throw their caps in the air? What is it with
this thin sheet of paper that makes it so precious? Ifs not only the proof of acquired knowledge
but plays into the reputation game of where you were trained. Being a graduate from Harvard Law
School carries that extra glamour, doesn't it? Yet take a closer look, and the diploma is the perfect
ending to the modern tragedy of education.
B) Why? Because universities and curricula are designed along the three unities of French classical
tragedy: time, action, and place. Students meet at the university campus (unity of place) for classes
(unity of action) during their 20s (unity of time). This classical model has traditionally produced
prestigious universities, but it is now challenged by the digitalisation of society—which allows
everybody who is connected to the internet to access learning—and by the need to acquire skills
in step with a fast-changing world. Universities must realise that learning in your 20s won't be
enough. If technological diffusion and implementation develop faster, workers will have to
constantly refresh their skills.
C) The university model needs to evolve. It must equip students with the right skills and knowledge
to compete in a world ' where value will be derived largely from human interaction and the ability
to invent and interpret things that machines cannot5 , as the English futurist Richard Watson puts
it. By teaching foundational knowledge and up-to-date skills, universities will provide students
with the future-proof skills of lifelong learning, not just get them 4 job-ready5 .
6 • 2

----- PAGE 32 -----
D) Some universities already play a critical role in lifelong learning as they want to keep the value of
their diplomas. This new role comes with a huge set of challenges, and needs largely to be
invented. One way to start this transformation process could be to go beyond the ' five-year
diploma model5 to adapt curricula to lifelong learning. We call this model the lifelong passport.
E) The Bachelor's degree could be your passport to lifelong learning. For the first few years, students
would 4 learn to learn' and get endowed with reasoning skills that remain with them for the rest of
their lives. For instance, physics allows you to observe and rationalise the world, but also to
integrate observations into models and, sometimes, models into theories or laws that can be used to
make predictions. Mathematics is the language used to formulate the laws of physics or economy,
and to make rigorous computations that turn into predictions. These two disciplines naturally form
the foundational pillars of education in technical universities.
F) Recent advances in computational methods and data science push us into rethinking science and
engineering. Computers increasingly become principal actors in leveraging data to formulate
questions, which requires radically new ways of reasoning. Therefore, a new discipline blending
computer science, programming, statistics and machine learning should be added to the traditional
foundational topics of mathematics and physics. These three pillars would allow you to keep
learning complex technical subjects all your life because numeracy (计算)is the foundation upon
which everything else is eventually built.
G) According to this new model, the Master of Science (MSc) would become the first stamp in the
lifelong learning journey. The MSc curriculum should prepare students for their professional
career by allowing them to focus on acquiring practical skills through projects.
H) Those projects are then interwoven with fast-paced technical modules (模块)learned ' on-the-fly5
and ' at will' depending on the nature of the project. If, for instance, your project is developing
an integrated circuit, you will have to take a module on advanced concepts in microelectronics.
The most critical skills will be developed before the project even starts, in the form of boot camps
(短期强化训练)，while the rest can be fostered along with the project, putting them to immediate
use and thus providing a rich learning context.
I) In addition to technical capabilities, the very nature of projects develops social and entrepreneurial
skills, such as design thinking, initiative taking, team leading, activity reporting or resource
planning. Not only will those skills be actually integrated into the curriculum but they will be very
important to have in the future because they are difficult to automate.
J) After the MSc diploma is earned, there would be many more stamps of lifelong learning over the
years. If universities decide to engage in this learning model, they will have to cope with many
organisational challenges that might shake their unity of place and action. First, the number of
students would be unpredictable. If all of a university's alumni (往届毕业生)were to become
6 • 3

----- PAGE 33 -----
students again, the student body would be much bigger than it is now, and it could become
unsustainable fbr the campus in terms of both size and resources. Second, freshly graduated
students would mix with professionally experienced ones. This would change the classroom
dynamics, perhaps for the best. Project-based learning with a mixed team reflects the reality of the
professional world and could therefore be a better preparation for it.
K) Sound like science fiction? In many countries, part-time studying is not exceptional: on average
across OECD countries, part-time students in 2016 represented 20 per cent of enrolment in tertiary
education. In many countries, this share is higher and can exceed 40 per cent in Australia, New
Zealand and Sweden.
L) If lifelong learning were to become a priority and the new norm, diplomas, just like passports,
could be revalidated periodically. A time-determined re validation would ease administration for
everybody. Universities as well as employers and employees would know when they have to
retrain. For instance, graduates from the year 2000 would have to come back in 2005.
M) This could fix the main organisational challenges fbr the university, but not for the learners, due
to lack of time, family obligations or funds. Here, online learning might be an option because it
allows you to save your 4 travel time' , but it has its limits. So far, none of the major employers
associated with online learning platforms such as Coursera and Udacity has committed to hire or
even interview graduates of their new online programmes.
N) Even if time were not an issue, who will pay fbr lifelong learning? Thafs the eternal debate:
should it be the learnefs responsibility, that of his employer, or of the state? For example, in
Massachusetts, the healthcare professions require continuing education credits, which are carefully
evidenced and documented. Yet the same state's lawyers don't require continuing legal education,
although most lawyers do participate in it informally. One explanation is that technology is less of
a factor in law than it is in healthcare.
O) Europe has many scenarios, but the French and Swiss ones are interesting to compare. In France,
every individual has a right to lifelong learning organised via a personal learning account that is
credited as you work. In Switzerland, lifelong learning is a personal responsibility and not a
government one. However, employers and the state encourage continuing education either by
funding parts of it or by allowing employees to attend it.
P) Universities have a fundamental role to play in this journey, and higher education is in fbr a
change. Just like classical theatre, the old university model produced talent and value for society.
We are not advocating its abolition but rather calling fbr the adaptation of its characteristics to
meet the needs of today.
36. Students should develop the key skills before they start a project.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 34 -----
37. By acquiring reasoning skills in the first few years of college, students can lay a foundation fbr
lifelong learning.
38. The easy access to learning and rapid technological changes have brought the traditional model of
education under challenge.
39. Unbelievable as it may seem, part-time students constitute a considerable portion of the student
body in many universities across the world.
40. Some social and managerial skills, which are not easily automated, will be of great importance to
students7 future careers.
41. A new model of college education should provide students with the knowledge and skills that will
make them more inventive and capable of lifelong learning.
42. A mixed student body may change the classroom dynamics and benefit learning.
43. The question of who will bear the cost of lifelong learning is a topic of constant debate.
44. To the traditional subjects of math and physics should be added a new discipline which combines
computer science with statistics and other components.
45. Students who are burdened with family duties might choose to take online courses.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er
S h e e t 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Why does social media trigger feelings of loneliness and inadequacy? Because instead of being
real life, it is, for the most part, impression management, a way of marketing yourself, carefully
choosing and filtering the pictures and words to put your best face forward.
Online u friends" made through social media do not follow the normal psychological progression
of an interpersonal relationship. You share neither physical time nor emotional conversations over the
Internet. You simply communicate photographs and catchy posts to a diverse group of people whom
you have u friended" or followedbased on an accidental interaction. This is not to say that your
social media friends can't be real friends. They absolutely can, but the two are not synonymous.
6 - 5

----- PAGE 35 -----
Generally speaking, there are no unfiltered comments or casually taken photos on our social media
pages. And, rightfully so, because it wouldn't feel safe to be completely authentic and vulnerable with
some of our “ friendsn whom we don't actually know or with whom trust has yet to be built.
Social media can certainly be an escape from the daily grind, but we must be cautioned against
the negative effects, such as addiction, on a person's overall psychological well-being.
As humans, we yearn for social connection. Scrolling (滚动)through pages of pictures and
comments, however, does not provide the same degree of fulfillment as face-to-face interactions do.
Also, we tend to idealize others5 lives and compare our downfalls to their greatest accomplishments,
ending in feelings of loneliness and inadequacy.
Social media can lead people on the unhealthy quest for perfection. Some people begin to attend
certain events or travel to different places so that they can snap that 44 perfect5' photo. They begin to
seek validation through the number of people who u like" their posts. In order fbr it to play a
psychologically healthy role in your social life, social media should supplement an already healthy
social network. Pictures and posts should be byproducts of life's treasured moments and fun times, not
the planned and calculated image that one is putting out into cyberspace in an attempt to fill
insecurities or unmet needs.
Ultimately, social media has increased our ability to connect with various types of people all over
the globe. It has opened doors for businesses and allowed us to stay connected to people whom we
may not otherwise get to follow. However, social media should feel like a fun experience, not one that
contributes to negative thoughts and feelings. If the latter is the case, increasing face-to-face time with
trusted friends, and minimizing time scrolling online, will prove to be a reminder that your social
network is much more rewarding than any "like,“ 4tfollow" or "share“ can be.
46. What does the author imply social media may do to our life?
A) It may facilitate our interpersonal relationships.
B) It may filter our negative impressions of others.
C) It may make us feel isolated and incompetent.
D) It may render us vulnerable and inauthentic.
47. Why do people post comments selectively on social media?
A) They do not find all their online friends trustworthy.
B) They want to avoid offending any of their audience.
C) They do not want to lose their followers.
D) They are eager to boost their popularity.
48. What are humans inclined to do according to the passage?
A) Exaggerate their life's accomplishments. 
C) Paint a rosy picture of other people's lives.
B) Strive fbr perfection regardless of the cost. D) Learn lessons from other people's downfalls.
49. What is the author's view of pictures and posts on social media?
A) They should record the memorable moments in people's lives.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 36 -----
B) They should be carefully edited so as to present the best image.
C) They should be shown in a way that meets one's security needs.
D) They should keep people from the unhealthy quest for perfection.
50. What does the author advise people to do when they find their online experience unconstructive?
A) Use social media to increase their ability to connect with various types of people.
B) Stay connected to those whom they may not otherwise get to know and befriend.
C) Try to prevent negative thoughts and feelings from getting into the online pages.
D) Strengthen ties with real-life friends instead of caring about their online image.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Imagine that an alien species landed on Earth and, through their mere presence, those aliens
caused our art to vanish, our music to homogenize, and our technological know-how to disappear.
That is effectively what humans have been doing to our closest relatives—chimps(大猩猩).
Back in 1999, a team of scientists led by Andrew Whiten showed that chimps from different
parts of Africa behave very differently from one another. Some groups would get each othefs
attention by rapping branches with their knuckles (指关节)，while others did it by loudly ripping
leaves with their teeth. The team identified 39 of these traditions that are practiced by some
communities but not others—a pattern that, at the time, hadn't been seen in any animal except
humans. It was evidence, the team said, that chimps have their own cultures.
It took a long time to convince skeptics that such cultures exist, but now we have plenty of
examples of animals learning local traditions from one another.
But just when many scientists have come to accept the existence of animal cultures, many of
those cultures might vanish. Ammie Kalan and her colleagues have shown, through years of intensive
fieldwork, that the very presence of humans has eroded the diversity of chimp behavior. Where we
flourish, their cultures wither. It is a bitterly ironic thing to learn on the 20th anniversary of Whiten's
classic study.
"It's amazing to think that just 60 years ago, we knew next to nothing of the behavior of our
sister species in the wild," Whiten says. "But now, just as we are truly getting to know our primate ｛灵
长类)cousins, the actions of humans are closing the window on all we have discovered.
u Sometimes in the rush to conserve the species, I think we forget about the individuals,says
Cat Hobaiter, a professor at the University of St. Andrews. u Each population, each community, even
each generation of chimps is unique. An event might only have a small impact on the total population
of chimps, but it may wipe out an entire community- an entire culture. No matter what we do to
restore habitat or support population growth, we may never be able to restore that culture.v
No one knows whether the destruction of chimp culture is getting worse. Few places have
tracked chimp behavior over long periods, and those that have are also more likely to have protected
their animals from human influence.
Obviously, conservationists need to think about saving species in a completely new way一by
preserving animal traditions as well as bodies and genes. u Instead of focusing only on the
6 ・
 7

----- PAGE 37 -----
conservation of genetically based entities like species, we now need to also consider culturally based
entities," says Andrew Whiten.
51. What does the author say we humans have been doing to chimps?
A) Ruining their culture. 
C) Treating them as alien species.
B) Accelerating their extinction. 
D) Homogenizing their living habits.
52. What is the finding of Andrew Whiten's team?
A) Chimps demonstrate highly developed skills of communication.
B) Chimps rely heavily upon their body language to communicate.
C) Chimps behave in ways quite similar to those of human beings.
D) Different chimp groups differ in their way of communication.
53. What did Ammie Kalan and her colleagues find through their intensive fieldwork?
A) Whiten's classic study has little impact on the diversity of chimp behavior.
B) Chimp behavior becomes less varied with the increase of human activity.
C) Chimps alter their culture to quickly adapt to the changed environment.
D) It might already be too late to prevent animal cultures from extinction.
54. What does Cat Hobaiter think we should do for chimp conservation?
A) Try to understand our sister species, behavior in the wild.
B) Make efforts to preserve each individual chimp community.
C) Study the unique characteristics of each generation of chimps.
D) Endeavor to restore chimp habitats to expand its total population.
55. What does the author suggest conservationists do?
A) Focus entirely on culturally-based entities rather than genetically-based ones.
B) Place more stress on animal traditions than on their physical conservation.
C) Conserve animal species in a novel and all-round way.
D) Explore the cultures of species before they vanish.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on A n sw e r S h e e t 2.
北京大兴国际机场位于天安门广场以南4 6 公里处，于2019年9 月3 0 日投入使用。该巨
型工程于2014年开工建设，高峰时工地上有4 万多工人。航站楼设计紧凑，可以允许最大数量
的飞机直接停靠在最靠近航站楼中心的位置，这给乘客提供了极大的方便。航站楼共有82个
登机口，但乘客通过安检后，只需不到8 分钟就能抵达任何一个登机口。机场的设计可确保每
小时300架次起降。机场年客运量2040年将达到1 亿人次，有望成为世界上最繁忙的机场。
6 - 8

----- PAGE 38 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on why students should be
encouraged to develop the ability to meet challenges. You should write at least 150
words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！
