
----- PAGE 1 -----
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes) 
Section A 
Directions : In this section , you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation ,
you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken 
only once. After you hear a question , you must choose the best answer from the four 
choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and D) . Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre. 
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard. 
1 .  A) She can devote all her life to pursuing her passion. 
B) Her accumulated expertise helps her to achieve her goals.
C) She can spread her academic ideas on a weekly TV show.
D) Her research findings are widely acclaimed in the world.
2. A) Provision of guidance for nuclear labs in Europe.
B) Touring the globe to attend science TV shows.
C) Overseeing two research groups at Oxford.
D) Science education and scientific research.
3. A) A better understanding of a subject. 
C) A broader knowledge of related fields.
B) A stronger will to meet challenges.
D) A closer relationship with young people.
4. A) By applying the latest research methods.
C) By building upon previous discoveries.
B) By making full use of the existing data.
D) By utilizing more powerful computers.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard. 
5. A) They can predict future events. 
C) They have cultural connotations.
B) They have no special meanings.
D) They cannot be easily explained.
6. A) It was canceled due to bad weather.
C) She dreamed of a plane crash.
B) She overslept and missed the flight.
D) It was postponed to the following day.
7. A) They can be affected by people's childhood experiences.
B) They may sometimes seem ridiculous to a rational mind.
C) They usually result from people's unpleasant memories.
D) They can have an impact as great as rational thinking.
2020年9月英语六级考试试题第1套
第 1／12页

----- PAGE 2 -----
8. A) They call for scientific methods to interpret. 
B) They mirror their long-cherished wishes.
C) They reflect their complicated emotions. 
D) They are often related to irrational feelings. 
Section B 
Directions : In this section , you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage , you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you 
hear a question , you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ) , 
C) and D ) . Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line 
through the centre. 
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard. 
9. A) Radio waves. 
C) Robots. 
B) Sound waves.
D) Satellites.
10. A) It may be freezing fast beneath the glacier. 
B) It may have micro-organisms living in it.
C) It may have certain rare minerals in it.
D) It may be as deep as four kilometers.
1 1 .  A) Help understand life in freezing conditions. 
B) Help fmd new sources of fresh water.
C) Provide information about other planets.
D) Shed light on possible life in outer space.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard. 
12. A) He found there had been little research on their language. 
B )  He was trying to preserve the languages of the Indian tribes. 
C )  His contact with a social worker had greatly aroused his interest in the tribe. 
D )  His meeting with Gonzalez had made him eager to learn more about the tribe. 
13. A )  He taught Copeland to speak the Tarahumaras language. 
B )  He persuaded the Tarahumaras to accept Copeland's gifts. 
C )  He recommended one of his best friends as an interpreter. 
D )  He acted as an intermediary between Copeland and the villagers. 
14. A) Unpredictable. 
C )  Laborious. 
B )  Unjustifiable. 
D )  Tedious. 
第 2／12页

----- PAGE 3 -----
15. A )  Their appreciation of help from the outsiders. 
B )  Their sense of sharing and caring. 
C )  Their readiness to adapt to technology. 
D )  Their belief in creating wealth for themselves. 
Section C 
Directions : In this section , you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or
four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question , you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and D ) . Then
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the 
centre. 
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard. 
16. A) They tend to be silenced into submission.
B) They find it hard to defend themselves.
C) They will feel proud of being pioneers.
D) They will feel somewhat encouraged.
17. A) One who advocates violence in effecting change.
B) One who craves for relentless transformations.
C) One who acts in the interests of the oppressed.
D) One who rebels against the existing social order.
18. A) They tried to effect social change by force. 
B) They disrupted the nation's social stability.
C) They served as a driving force for progress.
D) They did more harm than good to humanity.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard. 
19. A) Few of us can ignore changes in our immediate environment.
B) It is impossible for us to be immune from outside influence.
C) Few of us can remain unaware of what happens around us.
D) It is important for us to keep in touch with our own world.
20. A) Make up his mind to start all over again.
B) Stop making unfair judgments of others.
C) Try to find a more exciting job somewhere else.
D) Recognise the negative impact of his coworkers.
第 3／12页

----- PAGE 4 -----
21 . A) They are quite susceptible to suicide. 
B) They improve people's quality of life.
C) They suffer a great deal from ill health.
D) They help people solve mental problems.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard. 
22. A) Few people can identify its texture.
C) Its real value is open to interpretation.
B) Few people can describe it precisely.
D) Its importance is often over-estimated.
23. A) It has never seen any change. 
C) It is a well-protected government secret.
B) It has much to do with color.
D) It is a subject of study by many forgers.
24. A) People had little faith in paper money.
C) It predicted their value would increase.
B) They could last longer in circulation.
D) They were more difficult to counterfeit.
25. A) The stabilization of the dollar value. 
C) A gold standard for American currency.
B) The issuing of government securities.
D) A steady appreciation of the U.S. dollar.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
( 40 minutes) 
Section A 
Directions : In this section , there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the 
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified 
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a 
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once. 
Overall, men are more likely than women to make excuses. Several studies suggest that men feel 
the need to appear competent in all 
26 
, while women worry only about the skills in which 
they've invested 
27 
. Ask a man and a woman to go diving for the first time, and the woman is 
likely to jump in, while the man is likely to say he's not feeling too well. 
Ironically, it is often success that leads people to flirt with failure. Praise won for 
28 
a skill 
suddenly puts one in the position of having everything to lose. Rather than putting their reputation on 
the line again, many successful people develop a handicap
drinking, 
29 
, depression
that 
allows them to keep their status no matter what the future brings. An advertising executive 
30 
for depression shortly after winning an award put it this way: " Without my depression, I'd be a 
failure now; with it, I'm a success ' on hold. ' " 
In fact, the people most likely to become chronic excuse makers are those 
3 1  
with success. 
Such people are so afraid of being 
32 
a failure at anything that they constantly develop one 
第 4／12页

----- PAGE 5 -----
handicap or another in order to explain away failure. 
Though self-handicapping can be an effective way of coping with performance anxiety now and 
then, in the end, researchers say, it will lead to 
33 
. In the long run, excuse makers fail to live up 
to their true 
34 
and lose the status they care so much about. And despite their protests to the 
35 , they have only themselves to blame. 
A)
contrary
I)
momentum
B)
fatigue
J)
obsessed
C)
heavily
K)
potential
D)
heaving
L)
reahns
E)
hospitalized
M) reciprocal
F)
labeled
N)
rum
G)
legacies
0)
viciously
H)
mastering
Section B 
Directions : In this section , you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the 
paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more 
than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking 
the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2. 
Six Potential Brain Benefits of Bilingual Education 
A) Brains, brains, brains. People are fascinated by brain research. And yet it can be hard to point to
places where our education system is really making use of the latest neuroscience ( # ̆ :ff -!fr )
findings. But there is one happy link where research is meeting practice: bilingual ( ࠐ i½ ę )
education. " In the last 20 years or so, there's been a virtual explosion of research on
bilingualism," says Judith Kroll, a professor at the University of California, Riverside.
B) Again and again, researchers have found, " bilingualism is an experience that shapes our brain for
life," in the words of Gigi Luk, an associate professor at Harvard's Graduate School of Education.
At the same time, one of the hottest trends in public schooling is what's often called dual-language
or two-way immersion programs.
C) Traditional programs for English-language learners, or ELLs, focus on assimilating students into
English as quickly as possible. Dual-language classrooms, by contrast, provide instruction across
subjects to both English natives and English learners, in both English and a target language. The
goal is functional bilingualism and biliteracy for all students by middle school. New York City,
第 5／12页

----- PAGE 6 -----
North Carolina, Delaware, Utah, Oregon and Washington state are among the places expanding 
dual-language classrooms. 
D) The trend flies in the face of some of the culture wars of two decades ago, when advocates
insisted on " English first" education. Most famously, California passed Proposition 227 in 1998.
It was intended to sharply reduce the amount of time that English-language learners spent in
bilingual settings. Proposition 58, passed by California voters on November 8, largely reversed
that decision, paving the way for a huge expansion of bilingual education in the state that has the
largest population of English-language learners.
E) Some of the insistence on English-first was founded on research produced decades ago, in which
bilingual students underperformed monolingual ( if i¼ ę ) English speakers and had lower IQ
scores. Today's scholars, like Ellen Bialystok at York University in Toronto, say that research was
" deeply flawed." " Earlier research looked at socially disadvantaged groups," agrees Antonella
Sorace at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. " This has been completely contradicted by
recent research" that compares groups more similar to each other.
F) So what does recent research say about the potential benefits of bilingual education? It turns out
that, in many ways, the real trick to speaking two languages consists in managing not to speak one
of those languages at a given moment 
which is fundamentally a feat of paying attention.
Saying " Goodbye" to morn and then " Guten tag" to your teacher, or managing to ask for a
crayola roja instead of a red crayon ( ࠑ ࠒ ) , requires skills called " inhibition " and " task
switching." These skills are subsets of an ability called executive function.
G) People who speak two languages often outperform monolinguals on general measures of executive
function. " Bilinguals can pay focused attention without being distracted and also improve in the
ability to switch from one task to another," says Sorace.
H) Do these same advantages benefit a child who begins learning a second language in kindergarten
instead of as a baby? We don't yet know. Patterns of language learning and language use are
complex. But Gigi Luk at Harvard cites at least one brain-imaging study on adolescents that
shows similar changes in brain structure when compared with those who are bilingual from birth,
even when they didn't begin practicing a second language in earnest before late childhood.
I) Young children being raised bilingual have to follow social cues to figure out which language to
use with which person and in what setting. As a result, says Sorace, bilingual children as young as
age 3 have demonstrated a head start on tests of perspective-taking and theory of mind 
both of
which are fundamental social and emotional skills.
J) About 10 percent of students in the Portland, Oregon public schools are assigned by lottery to dual-
6 · 6
第 6／12页

----- PAGE 7 -----
language classrooms that offer instruction in Spanish, Japanese or Mandarin, alongside English. 
Jennifer Steele at American University conducted a four-year, randomized trial and found that 
these dual-language students outperformed their peers in English-reading skills by a full school­
year's worth of learning by the end of middle school. Because the effects are found in reading, not 
in math or science where there were few differences, Steele suggests that learning two languages 
makes students more aware of how language works in general. 
K) The research of Gigi Luk at Harvard offers a slightly different explanation. She has recently done
a small study looking at a group of 100 fourth-graders in Massachusetts who had similar reading
scores on a standard test, but very different language experiences. Some were foreign-language
dominant and others were English natives. Here's what's interesting. The students who were
dominant in a foreign language weren't yet comfortably bilingual; they were just starting to learn
English. Therefore, by definition, they had a much weaker English vocabulary than the native
speakers. Yet they were just as good at interpreting a text. " This is very surprising," Luk says.
" You would expect the reading comprehension performance to mirror the vocabulary 
it's a
cornerstone of comprehension."
L) How did the foreign-language dominant speakers manage this feat? Well, Luk found, they also
scored higher on tests of executive functioning. So, even though they didn't have huge mental
dictionaries to draw on, they may have been great puzzle-solvers, taking into account higher-level
concepts such as whether a single sentence made sense within an overall story line. They got to
the same results as the monolinguals, by a different path.
M) American public school classrooms as a whole are becoming more segregated by race and class.
Dual-language programs can be an exception. Because they are composed of native English
speakers deliberately placed together with recent immigrants, they tend to be more ethnically and
economically balanced. And there is some evidence that this helps kids of all backgrounds gain
comfort with diversity and different cultures.
N) Several of the researchers also pointed out that, in bilingual education, non-English-dominant
students and their families tend to feel that their home language is heard and valued, compared
with a classroom where the home language is left at the door in favor of English. This can
improve students' sense of belonging and increase parents' involvement in their children's
education, including behaviors like reading to children. " Many parents fear their language is an
obstacle, a problem, and if they abandon it their child will integrate better," says Antonella Sorace
of the University of Edinburgh. "We tell them they're not doing their child a favor by giving up 
their language."
0) One theme that was striking in speaking to all these researchers was just how strongly they
advocated for dual-language classrooms. Thomas and Collier have advised many school systems
第 7／12页

----- PAGE 8 -----
on how to expand their dual-language programs, and Sorace runs " Bilingualism Matters," an 
international network of researchers who promote bilingual education projects. This type of 
advocacy among scientists is unusual; even more so because the "bilingual advantage hypothesis" 
is being challenged once again. 
P) A review of studies published last year found that cognitive advantages failed to appear in 83
percent of published studies, though in a separate analysis, the sum of effects was still significantly
positive. One potential explanation offered by the researchers is that advantages that are
measurable in the very young and very old tend to fade when testing young adults at the peak of
their cognitive powers. And, they countered that no negative effects of bilingual education have
been found. So, even if the advantages are small, they are still worth it. Not to mention one
obvious, outstanding fact: " Bilingual children can speak two languages!"
36. A study found that there are similar changes in brain structure between those who are bilingual 
from birth and those who start learning a second language later. 
37. Unlike traditional monolingual programs, bilingual classrooms aim at developing students' ability
to use two languages by middle school.
38. A study showed that dual-language students did significantly better than their peers in reading
English texts.
39. About twenty years ago, bilingual practice was strongly discouraged, especially in California.
40. Ethnically and economically balanced bilingual classrooms are found to be helpful for kids to get
used to social and cultural diversity.
41 . Researchers now claim that earlier research on bilingual education was seriously flawed. 
42. According to a researcher, dual-language experiences exert a lifelong influence on one's brain.
43. Advocates of bilingual education argued that it produces positive effects though they may be 
limited. 
44. Bilingual speakers often do better than monolinguals in completing certain tasks because they can
concentrate better on what they are doing.
45. When their native language is used, parents can become more involved m their children's 
education. 
第 8／12页

----- PAGE 9 -----
Section C 
Directions : There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A )  , B )  , C) and
D ) .  You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer 
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. 
Passage One 
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage. 
It is not controversial to say that an unhealthy diet causes bad health. Nor are the basic elements 
of healthy eating disputed. Obesity raises susceptibility to cancer, and Britain is the sixth most obese 
country on Earth. That is a public health emergency. But naming the problem is the easy part. No one 
disputes the costs in quality of life and depleted health budgets of an obese population, but the quest for 
solutions gets diverted by ideological arguments around responsibility and choice. And the water is 
muddied by lobbying from the industries that profit from consumption of obesity-inducing products. 
Historical precedent suggests that science and politics can overcome resistance from businesses 
that pollute and poison but it takes time, and success often starts small. So it is heartening to note that 
a programme in Leeds has achieved a reduction in childhood obesity, becoming the first UK city to 
reverse a fattening trend. The best results were among younger children and in more deprived areas. 
When 28% of English children aged two to 15 are obese, a national shift on the scale achieved by 
Leeds would lengthen hundreds of thousands of lives. A significant factor in the Leeds experience appears 
to be a scheme called HENRY, which helps parents reward behaviours that prevent obesity in children. 
Many members of parliament are uncomfortable even with their own government's anti-obesity 
strategy, since it involves a " sugar tax" and a ban on the sale of energy drinks to under-16s. Bans 
and taxes can be blunt instruments, but their harshest critics can rarely suggest better methods. These 
critics just oppose regulation itself. 
The relationship between poor health and inequality is too pronounced for governments to be 
passive about large-scale intervention. People living in the most deprived areas are four times more 
prone to die from avoidable causes than counterparts in more affluent places. As the structural nature 
of public health problems becomes harder to ignore, the complaint about overprotective government 
loses potency. 
In fact, the polarised debate over public health interventions should have been abandoned long 
ago. Government action works when individuals are motivated to respond. Individuals need 
governments that expand access to good choices. The HENRY programme was delivered in part 
through children's centres. Closing such centres and cutting council budgets doesn't magically increase 
reserves of individual self-reliance. The function of a well-designed state intervention is not to deprive 
people of liberty but to build social capacity and infrastructure that helps people take responsibility for 
their wellbeing. The obesity crisis will not have a solution devised by left or right ideology
but 
experience indicates that the private sector needs the incentive of regulation before it starts taking 
public health emergencies seriously. 
第 9／12页

----- PAGE 10 -----

----- PAGE 11 -----
But the scheme is attracting criticism from scientists and conservation groups, who argue that the 
government hasn't gone far enough in protecting the Coral Sea, or in other marine reserves in the 
coastal network. 
Hugh Possingham, director of the Centre of Excellence for Environmental Decisions at the 
University of Queensland, points out that little more than half of the Coral Sea reserve is proposed as 
a ' no take ' area, in which all fishing would be banned. The world's largest existing marine reserve, 
established last year by the British government in the Indian Ocean, spans 544,000 km2 and is a no­
take zone throughout. An alliance of campaigning conservation groups argues that more of the Coral 
Sea should receive this level of protection. 
" I  would like to have seen more protection for coral reefs," says Terry Hughes, director of the 
Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies at James Cook University in Queensland. " More than 20 
of them would be outside the no-take area and vulnerable to catch-and-release fishing" . 
As Nature went to press, the Australian government had not responded to specific criticisms of 
the plan. But Robin Beaman, a marine geologist at James Cook University, says that the reserve does 
"broadly protect the range of habitats" in the sea. " I can testify to the huge effort that government 
agencies and other organisations have put into trying to understand the ecological values of this vast 
area," he says. 
Reserves proposed earlier this year for Australia's southwestem and northwestem coastal regions 
have also been criticised for failing to give habitats adequate protection. In August, 173 marine 
scientists signed an open letter to the government saying they were " greatly concerned" that the 
proposals for the southwestem region had not been based on the " core science principles " of 
reserves
the protected regions were not, for instance, representative of all the habitats in the region, 
they said. 
Critics say that the southwestem reserve offers the greatest protection to the offshore areas where 
commercial opportunities are fewest and where there is little threat to the environment, a contention 
also levelled at the Coral Sea plan. 
5 1 .  What do we learn from the passage about the Coral Sea? 
A) It is exceptionally rich in marine life.
B) It is the biggest marine protected area.
C) It remains largely undisturbed by humans.
D) It is a unique haven of endangered species.
52. What does the Australian government plan to do according to Tony Burke?
A) Make a new proposal to protect the Coral Sea.
B) Revise its conservation plan owing to criticisms.
C) Upgrade the established reserves to protect marine life.
D) Complete the series of marine reserves around its coast.
第 11／12页

----- PAGE 12 -----
53. What is scientists' argument about the Coral Sea proposal? 
A) The government has not done enough for marine protection.
B) It will not improve the marine reserves along Australia's coast.
C) The government has not consulted them in drawing up the proposal.
D) It is not based on sufficient investigations into the ecological system.
54. What does marine geologist Robin Beaman say about the Coral Sea plan?
A) It can compare with the British government's effort in the Indian Ocean.
B) It will result in the establishment of the world's largest marine reserve.
C) It will ensure the sustainability of the fishing industry around the coast.
D) It is a tremendous joint effort to protect the range of marine habitats.
55. What do critics think of the Coral Sea plan?
A) It will do more harm than good to the environment.
B) It will adversely affect Australia's fishing industry.
C) It will protect regions that actually require little protection.
D) It will win little support from environmental organisations.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes) 
Directions : For this part , you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into 
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2. 
fiffiӎic} ( Journey to the West) fil i"f¾ 9" 00 )(ӏ Im 7CtfӐ;J\iJt i=f::rJIJ'l.ӑ ӒӓjJ 1¥)-$ , :'Mǘ 
-tl:!¾Ǔoo*•rǛAǔ 1¥J-$Ǖǖ0 Ǚ-Ǖǖ-ӔT *Ǘ -fflӕOOǓӖǜӗMl¥JӘәӚӛ-
9" OOW$f-tl!!RfiJ1.±fPOC.lt'ZӜ ( Buddhist scripture ) 1¥Jxl!x!El33Wa 1ilǘii'Jlif 1¥J .:tm!lӝr1,l}W: , {E:J.Ǚ 
ifj)lj\ iJl.*ffl T :k-S: 9" 00 1%  fa] t& if fnilf!i! 1¥JӞifJ ' ,g,J m T ӟfij:t *5JN f] :tutl:f::.1¥1 A !fwln $J 4w Ӡӡ 0 jt 9"
·*Ǘ s{J¾:PM!ǐ ' 1t!?.!5ǚfi!:tǚfF:!1K!t:1t4$1¥Jii'Jcif JV¥Ǜ4ijǜi=p OOӢrFJrlmǔ 0
----
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes) 
c-iiT .iEit7f:;lj s-$1J,a1 l*1 P.61W$,t, zsSntfrXJr:n:;lj"iit) 
Directions : For this part , you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the saying "Beauty of 
the soul is the essential beauty. " You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words. 
第 12／12页
