
----- PAGE 1 -----
2017 年6 月英语六级真题及答案
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions ：Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to attend a
vocational college or a university, write an essay to state your
opinion. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions：In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of
each
conversation,
you
will
hear
four
questions.
Both
the
conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding
letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He would feel insulted.
B) He would feel very sad.
C) He would be embarrassed.
D) He would be disappointed.
2. A) They are worthy of a prize.
B) They are of little value.
C) They make good reading.
D) They need improvement.
3. A) He seldom writes a book straight through.
B) He writes several books simultaneously.
C) He draws on his real-life experiences.
D) He often turns to his wife for help.
4. A) Writing a book is just like watching a football match.
B) Writers actually work every bit as hard as footballers.
C) He likes watching a football match after finishing a book.
D) Unlike a football match, there is no end to writing a book.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Achievements of black male athletes in college.
B) Financial assistance to black athletes in college.
C) High college dropout rates among black athletes.
D) Undergraduate enrollments of black athletes.
6. A) They display great talent in every kind of game.
B) They are better at sports than at academic work.
C) They have difficulty finding money to complete their studies.
D) They make money for the college but often fail to earn a degree.

----- PAGE 2 -----
7. A) About 15%.
B) Around 40%.
C) Slightly over 50%.
D) Approximately 70%.
8. A) Coaches lack the incentive to graduate them.
B) College degrees do not count much to them.
C) They have little interest in academic work.
D) Schools do not deem it a serious problem.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each
passage, you will hear three or four questions. Both the passage
and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a
question ，you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Marketing strategies.
B) Holiday shopping.
C) Shopping malls.
D) Online stores.
10. A) About 50% of holiday shoppers.
B) About 20-30% of holiday shoppers.
C) About 136 million.
D) About 183.8 million.
11. A) They have fewer customers.
B) They find it hard to survive.
C) They are thriving once more.
D) They appeal to elderly customers.
12. A) Better quality of consumer goods
B) Higher employment and wages.
C) Greater varieties of commodities.
D) People having more leisure time.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A) They are new species of big insects.
B) They are over prescribed antibiotics.
C) They are life-threatening diseases.
D) They are antibiotic-resistant bacteria.
14. A) Antibiotics are now in short supply.
B) Many infections are no longer curable.
C) Large amounts of tax money are wasted.
D) Routine operations have become complex.

----- PAGE 3 -----
15. A) Facilities.
B) Expertise.
C) Money.
D) Publicity.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks
followed by three or four questions. The recordings will be played
only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best
answer from the four choices marked A), B)，C) and D). Then mark
the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 16 to18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It is accessible only to the talented.
B) It improves students’ ability to think.
C) It starts a lifelong learning process.
D) It gives birth to many eminent scholars.
17. A) They encourage academic democracy.
B) They promote globalization.
C) They uphold the presidents' authority.
D) They protect students’ rights.
18. A) His thirst for knowledge.
B) His eagerness to find a job.
C) His contempt for authority.
D) His potential for leadership.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Few people know how to retrieve information properly.
B) People can enhance their memory with a few tricks.
C) Most people have a rather poor long-term memory.
D) People tend to underestimate their mental powers.
20. A) They present the states in a surprisingly different order.
B) They include more or less the same number of states.
C) They are exactly the same as is shown in the atlas.
D) They contain names of the most familiar states.
21. A) Focusing on what is likely to be tested.
B) Having a good sleep the night before.
C) Reviewing your lessons where the exam is to lake place.
D) Making sensible decisions while choosing your answers.
22. A) Discover when you can learn best.
B) Change your time of study daily.
C) Give yourself a double bonus afterwards.
D) Follow the example of a marathon runner.

----- PAGE 4 -----
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) He is a politician.
B) He is a businessman.
C) He is a sociologist.
D) He is a economist
24. A) In slums.
B) In Africa.
C) In pre-industrial societies.
D) In developing countries.
25.
A) They have no access to health care, let alone entertainment or
recreation.
B) Their income is less than 50% of the national average family income.
C) They work extra hours to have their basic needs met.
D) Their children cannot afford to go to private schools.
Part Ⅲ
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required
to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a
word bank following the passage. Read the passage through
carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank is
identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each
item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You
may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
After becoming president of Purdue University in 2013, Mitch Daniels
asked the faculty to prove that their students have actually achieved one of
higher education’s most important goals: critical thinking skills. Two years
before, a nationwide study of college graduates had shown that more than a third
had made no (26)_______ gains in such mental abilities during their school
years. Mr. Daniels needed to(27)_______ the high cost of attending Purdue to its
students and their families. After all, the percentage of Americans who say a
college degree is “very important” has fallen (28)_______ in the last 5-6 years.
Purdue now has a pilot test to assess students’ critical thinking skills. Yet
like many college teachers around the U.S., the faculty remain (29)_______ that
their work as educators can be measured by a“learning (30)_______ ” such as a
graduate’s ability to investigate and reason. However, the professors need not
worry so much. The results of a recent experiment showed that professors can
use (31)_______ metrics to measure how well students do in three key areas:
critical thinking, written communication, and quantitative literacy.
Despite the success of the experiment, the actual results are worrisome, and
mostly (32)_______ earlier studies. The organizers of the experiment concluded
that far fewer students were achieving at high levels on critical thinking than

----- PAGE 5 -----
they were doing for written communication or quantitative literacy. And that
conclusion is based only on students nearing graduation.
American universities, despite their global (33)_______ for excellence in
teaching, have only begun to demonstrate what they can produce in real-world
learning.
Knowledge-based
degrees
are
still
important,but
employers
are
(34)_______ advanced thinking skills from college graduates. If the intellectual
worth of a college degree can be (35)_______ measured, more people will seek
higher education—and come out better thinkers.
A) Accurately
B) Confirm
C) Demanding
D) Doubtful
E) Drastically
F) Justify
G) Monopolized
H) Outcome
I) Predominance
J) Presuming
K) Reputation
L) Significant
M) Signify
N) Simultaneously
O) Standardized
Section B
Directions：In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements
attached to it. Each statement contains information given in one of
the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information
is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking
the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
The Price of Oil and the Price of Carbon
[A] Fossil fuel prices are likely to stay “low for long.” Notwithstanding
important recent progress in developing renewable fuel sources, low fossil fuel
prices could discourage further innovation in, and adoption of, cleaner energy
technologies. The result would be higher emissions of carbon dioxide and other
greenhouse gases.
[B] Policymakers should not allow low energy prices to derail the clean
energy transition. Action to restore appropriate price incentives, notably through
corrective carbon pricing, is urgently needed to lower the risk of irreversible and
potentially devastating effects of climate change. That approach also offers
fiscal benefits.

----- PAGE 6 -----
[C] Oil prices have dropped by over 60% since June 2014. A commonly
held view in the oil industry is that “the best cure for low oil prices is low oil
prices.” The reasoning behind this saying is that low oil prices discourage
investment in new production capacity, eventually shifting the oil supply curve
backward and bringing prices back up as existing oil fields 一which can be
tapped at relatively low marginal cost—are depleted. In fact, in line with past
experience capital expenditure in the oil sector has dropped sharply in many
producing countries, including the United States. The dynamic adjustment to
low oil prices may, however, be different this time around.
[D] Oil prices are expected to remain lower for longer. The advent of new
technologies has added about 4.2 million barrels per day to the crude oil market,
contributing to a global over-supply. In addition, other factors are putting
downward pressure on oil prices: change in the strategies behavior of the
Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, the projected increase in
Iranian exports, the scaling- down of global demand (especially from emerging
markets), the long-term drop in petroleum consumption in the United States, and
some displacement of oil by substitutes. These likely persistent forces, like the
growth of shale (页岩）oil, point to a “low for long” scenario. Futures markets,
which show only a modest recovery of prices to around $60 a barrel by 2019,
support this view.
[E] Natural gas and coal—alsofossil fuels—have similarly seen price
declines that look to be long-lived. Coal and natural gas are mainly used for
electricity generation, whereas oil is used mostly to power transportation, yet
the prices of all these energy sources are linked. The North American shale gas
boom has resulted in record low prices there. The recent discovery of the giant
Zohr gas field off the Egyptian coast will eventually have impact on pricing in
the Mediterranean region and Europe, and there is significant development
potential in many other places, notably Argentina. Coal prices also are low,
owing to over-supply and the scaling-down of demand, especially from China,
which bums half of the world’s coal.
[F] Technological innovations have unleashed the power of renewables
such as wind, hydro, solar, and geothermal (地热).Even Africa and the Middle
East，home to economies that are heavily dependent on fossil fuel exports, have
enormous potential to develop renewables. For example, the United Arab
Emirates has endorsed an ambitious target to draw 24% of its primary energy
consumption from renewable sources by 2021.
[G] Progress in the development of renewables could be fragile, however, if
fossil fuel prices remain low for long. Renewables account for only a small
share of global primary energy consumption, which is still dominated by fossil
fuels—30% each for coal and oil, 25% for natural gas. But renewable energy
will have to displace fossil fuels to a much greater extent in the future to avoid
unacceptable climate risks.

----- PAGE 7 -----
[H] Unfortunately, the current low prices for oil, gas, and coal may provide
little incentive for research to find even cheaper substitutes for those fuels.
There
is
strong
evidence
that
both
innovation
and
adoption
of
cleaner
technology are strongly encouraged by higher fossil fuel prices. The same is true
for new technologies for alleviating fossil fuel emissions.
[I] The current low fossil fuel price environment will thus certainly delay
the energy transition from fossil fuel to clean energy sources. Unless renewables
become cheap enough that substantial carbon deposits are left underground for a
very long time, if not forever, the planet will like be exposed to potentially
catastrophic climate risks.
[J] Some climate impacts may already be discernible. For example, the
United Nations Children Fund estimates that some 11 million children in Africa
face hunger, disease, and water shortage as a result of the strongest El Nino (厄
尔尼诺）weather phenomenon in decades. Many scientists believe that El Nino
events, caused by warming in the Pacific，are becoming more intense as a result
of climate change.
[K] Nations from around the world have gathered in Paris for the United
Nations Climate Change Conference, COP 21, with the goal of a universal and
potentially legally-binding agreement reducing greenhouse gas emissions. We
need very broad participation to fully address global tragedy that results when
countries fail to take into account the negative impact of their carbon emissions
on the rest of the world. Moreover, non-participation by nations, if sufficiently
widespread, can undermine the political will of participating countries to act.
[L] The nations participating at COP 21 are focusing on quantitative
emissions-reduction commitments. Economic reasoning shows that the least
expensive way for each country is to put a price on carbon emissions. The
reason is that when carbon is priced, those emissions reductions that are least
costly to implement will happen first. The International Monetary Fund
calculates that countries can generate substantial fiscal revenues by eliminating
fossil fuel subsidies and levying carbon charges that capture the domestic
damage caused by emissions. A tax on upstream carbon sources is one easy way
to put a price on carbon emissions, although some countries may wish to use
other methods, such as emissions trading schemes. In order to maximize global
welfare, every country’s carbon pricing should reflect not only the purely
domestic damage from emissions, but also the damage to foreign countries.
[M] Setting the right carbon price will therefore efficiently align the costs
paid by carbon users with the true social opportunity cost of using carbon. By
raising relative demand for clean energy sources，a carbon price would also help
align the market return to clean-energy innovation with its social return,
spurring the refinement of existing technologies and the development of new
ones. And it would raise the demand for technologies such as carbon capture and
storage, spurring their further development. If not corrected by the appropriate
carbon price, low fossil fuel prices are not accurately signaling to markets the
true social profitability of clean energy. While alternative estimates of the

----- PAGE 8 -----
damage from carbon emissions differ, and it’s especially hard to reckon the
likely costs of possible catastrophic climate events, most estimates suggest
substantial negative effects.
[N] Direct subsidies to research and development have been adopted by
some governments but are a poor substitute for a carbon price; they do only part
of the job, leaving in place market incentives to overuse fossil fuels and thereby
add to the stock of atmospheric greenhouse gases without regard to the collateral
(附带的）costs.
[O] The hope is that the success of COP 21 opens the door to future
international agreement on carbon prices. Agreement on an international
carbon-price floor would be a good starting point in that process. Failure to
address comprehensively the problem of greenhouse gas emissions, however,
exposes all generations, present and future, to incalculable risks.
36. A number of factors are driving down the global oil prices not just for
now but in the foreseeable
future.
37. Pricing carbon proves the most economical way to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions.
38. It is estimated that extreme weather conditions have endangered the
lives of millions of African
children.
39. The prices of coal are low as a result of over-supply and decreasing
demand.
40.
Higher fossil fuel prices prove to be conducive to innovation and
application of cleaner technology.
41. If fossil fuel prices remain low for a long time, it may lead to higher
emissions of greenhouse gases.
42. Fossil fuels remain the major source of primary energy consumption in
today's world.
43. Even major fossil fuel exporting countries have great potential to
develop renewable energies.
44. Greenhouse gas emissions, if not properly dealt with, will pose endless
risks for mankind.
45. It is urgent for governments to increase the cost of using fossil fuels to
an appropriate level to lessen the catastrophic effects of climate change.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by
some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are
four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the
best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet
2with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.

----- PAGE 9 -----
Open data sharers are still in the minority in many fields. Although many
researchers broadly agree that public access to raw data would accelerate
science, most are reluctant to post the results of their own labors online.
Some communities have agreed to share online—geneticists, for example,
post DNA sequences at the GenBank repository ( 库) ，and astronomers are
accustomed to accessing images of galaxies and stars from, say, the Sloan
Digital Sky Survey, a telescope that has observed some 500 million objects—but
these remain the exception, not the rule. Historically, scientists have objected to
sharing for many reasons: it is a lot of work; until recently, good databases did
not exist; grant funders were not pushing for sharing; it has been difficult to
agree on standards for formatting data; and there is no agreed way to assign
credit for data.
But the barriers are disappearing, in part because journals and funding
agencies worldwide are encouraging scientists to make their data public. Last
year, the Royal Society in London said in its report that scientists need to “shift
away from a research culture where data is viewed as a private preserve”.
Funding agencies note that data paid for with public money should be public
information and the scientific community is recognizing that data can now be
shared digitally in ways that were not possible before. To match the growing
demand, services are springing up to make it easier to publish research products
online and enable other researchers to discover and cite them.
Although calls to share data often concentrate on the moral advantages of
sharing, the practice is not purely altruistic (利他的).Researchers who share get
plenty of personal benefits, including more connections with colleagues,
improved visibility and increased citations. The most successful sharers— those
whose data are downloaded and cited the most often—get noticed, and their
work
gets
used.
For
example,
one
of
the
most
popular
data
sets
on
multidisciplinary repository Dryad is about wood density around the world; it
has been downloaded 5,700 times. Co-author Amy Zanne thinks that users
probably range from climate-change researchers wanting to estimate how much
carbon is stored in biomass, to foresters looking for information on different
grades of timber. “I’d much prefer to have my data used by the maximum
number of people to ask their own questions,” she says. “It，s important to allow
readers and reviewers to see exactly how you arrive at your results. Publishing
data and code allows your science to be reproducible.”
Even people whose data are less popular can benefit. By making the effort
to organize and label files so others can understand them, scientists become
more organized and better disciplined themselves, thus avoiding confusion later
on.
46. What do many researchers generally accept?
A) It is imperative to protect scientists’ patents.
B) Repositories are essential to scientific research.
C) Open data sharing is most important to medical science.
D) Open data sharing is conducive to scientific advancement.

----- PAGE 10 -----
47. What is the attitude of most researchers towards making their own data
public?
A) Opposed.
B) Ambiguous.
C) Liberal.
D) Neutral.
48. According to the passage，what might hinder open data sharing?
A) The fear of massive copying.
B) The lack of a research culture.
C) The belief that research data is private intellectual property.
D) The concern that certain agencies may make a profit out of it.
49. What helps lift some of the barriers to open data sharing?
A) The ever-growing demand for big data.
B) The advancement of digital technology.
C) The changing attitude of journals and funders.
D) The trend of social and economic development.
50. Dryad serves as an example to show how open data sharing_______.
A) is becoming increasingly popular
B) benefits sharers and users alike
C) makes researchers successful
D) saves both money and labor
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Macy’s reported its sales plunged 5.2% in November and December at
stores open more than a year, a disappointing holiday season performance that
capped a difficult year for a department store chain facing wide-ranging
challenges.
Its
flagship
stores
in
major
U.S.
cities
depend
heavily
on
international tourist spending, which shrank at many retailers due to a strong
dollar. Meanwhile, Macy’s has simply struggled to lure consumers who are more
interested in spending on travel or dining out than on new clothes or accessories.
The company blamed much of the poor performance in November and
December on unseasonably warm weather. “About 80% of our company’s
year-over-year declines in comparable sales can be attributed to shortfalls ( 短
缺）in cold-weather goods ，” said chief executive Terry Lundgren in a press
release.This prompted the company to cut its forecasts for the full fourth quarter.
However, it’s clear that Macy’s believes its troubles run deeper than a
temporary aberration (偏离）off the thermometer. The retail giant said the poor
financial performance this year has pushed it to begin implementing $400
million in cost-cutting measures. The company pledged to cut 600 back-office
positions, though some 150 workers in those roles would be reassigned to other
jobs. It also pluns to offer “voluntary separation” packages to 165 senior
executives. It will slash staffing at its fleet of 770 stores, a move affecting some
3,000 employees.

----- PAGE 11 -----
The retailer also announced the locations of 36 stores it will close in early
2016. The company had previously announced the planned closures, but had not
said which locations would be affected. None of the chain’s stores in the
Washington metropolitan area are to be closed.
Macy’s has been moving aggressively to try to remake itself for a new era
of shopping. It has plans to open more locations of Macy’s Backstage, a
newly-developed off-price concept which might help it better compete with
ambitious T.J. Maxx. It’s also pushing ahead in 2016 with an expansion of
Bluemercury, the beauty chain it bought last year. At a time when young beauty
shoppers are often turning to Sephora or Ulta instead of department store beauty
counters, Macy’s hopes Bluemercury will help strengthen its position in the
category.
One relative bright spot for Macy’s during the holiday season was the
online channel, where rang up “double-digit” increases in sales and a 25%
increase in the number of orders it filled. That relative strength would be
consistent with what was seen in the wider retail industry during early part of
the holiday season. While Thanksgiving, Black Friday and Cyber Monday all
saw record spending online, in-store sales plunged over the holiday weekend.
51. What does the author say about the shrinking spending of international
tourists in the U.S.?
A) It is attributable to the rising value of the U.S. dollar.
B) It is a direct result of the global economic recession.
C) It reflects a shift of their interest in consumer goods.
D) It poses a potential threat to the retail business in the U.S.
52. What does Macy’s believe about its problems?
A) They can be solved with better management.
B) They cannot be attributed to weather only.
C) They are not as serious in its online stores.
D) They call for increased investments.
53. In order to cut costs, Macy’s decided to_______.
A) cut the salary of senior executives
B) relocate some of its chain stores
C) adjust its promotion strategies
D) reduce the size of its staff
54. Why does Macy’s plan to expand Bluemercury in 2016?
A) To experiment on its new business concept.
B) To focus more on beauty products than clothing.
C) To promote sales of its products by lowering prices.
D) To be more competitive in sales of beauty products.
55. What can we learn about Macy’s during the holiday season?
A) Sales dropped sharply in its physical stores.
B) Its retail sales exceeded those of T.J. Maxx.
C) It helped Bluemercury establish its position worldwide.
D) It filled its stores with abundant supply of merchandise.

----- PAGE 12 -----
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage
from Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer
Sheet 2.
明朝统治中国276 年，被人们描绘成人类历史上治理有序、社会稳定的
最伟大的时代之一。这一时期，手工业的发展促进了市场经济和城市化。
大量商品，包括酒和丝绸，都在市场销售。同时，还进口许多外国商品，如
时钟和烟草。北京、南京、扬州、苏州这样的大商业中心相继形成。也是在
明代，由郑和率领的船队曾到印度洋进行了七次规模探险航行。还值得一提
的是，中国文学的四大经典名著中有三部写于明代。

----- PAGE 13 -----
【参考答案】
【参考范文】
In recent years, it is a truth universally acknowledged that teenagers in
mounting numbers start to discuss about whether to attend a vocational college
or a university in our highly modernized and industrialized society. As for me, I
am in favor of the former idea.
So conspicuous are the impacts of attending a vocational college that I
would like to explore the following aspects. To begin with, by no means can we
deny that the skills or techniques learn from vocational colleges serve as a
critical role in the process of job-hunting. According to a recent study conducted
by CCTV, every 7 out of 10 HR managers responding to the questionnaire
claimed that they preferred to hire employees with specific skills. Moreover, the
rapid growth of the number of students who have received vocational training
makes it possible to promote the development of the industry, the importance of
which shall never be neglected.
Teenagers, in conclusion, are supposed to make a wise choice about their
future depending on their own hobbies, merits and ideas. Only when the advice
above is literally put into effect can they expect to become better selves in the
foreseeable future.
【1-5】ABADC
【6-10】DCABD
【11-15】CBDDA
【16-20】BAADB
【21-25】CACDB
【26-30】LFEDF
【31-35】OBKCA
【36-40】DLJEH
【41-45】AGFOB
【46-50】DACCB
【51-55】ABDDA
【翻译参考译文】
The Ming dynasty ruled China for 276 years, which is depicted as one of
the feudal dynasties that are governed orderly and stabilized in the history. In
this period, the development of handicraft promoted the market economy and
urbanization. An ocean of commodities, including wine and silk, were sold on
the market. Meanwhile, numerous exotic products were imported, such as clocks
and tobacco. Commercial centers like Beijing, Nanjing, Yangzhou, Suzhou
formed in succession. It was also in Ming dynasty that the fleet of ships led by
ZhengHe expedited for seven times to the Indian Ocean on a large scale. What’s
more, three of the four classical novels are written in the Ming dynasty.
