
----- PAGE 1 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2019年1 2 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 2 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the question will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A) ,B) , C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) Magazine reporter.
B) Fashion designer.
C) Website designer.
D) Features editor.
2. A) Designing sports clothing.
B) Consulting fashion experts.
C) Answering daily emails.
D) Interviewing job-seekers.
3. A) It is challenging.
B) It is fascinating.
4. A) Her persistence.
B) Her experience.
C) It is tiresome.
D) It is fashionable.
C) Her competence.
D) Her confidence.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It is enjoyable.
B) It is educational.
C) It is divorced from real life.
D) It is adapted from a drama.
6. A) All the roles are played by famous actors and actresses.
B) It is based on the real-life experiences of some celebrities.
C) Its plots and events reveal a lot about Frankie's actual life.
D) It is written, directed, edited and produced by Frankie himself.
7. A) Go to the theater and enjoy it.
B) Recommend it to her friends.
C) Watch it with the man.
D) Download and watch it.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 3 -----
8. A) It has drawn criticisms from scientists.
B) It has been showing for over a decade.
C) It is a ridiculous piece of satire.
D) It is against common sense.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ) ,
C) and O). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They are likely to get injured when moving too fast.
B) They believe in team spirit fbr good performance.
C) They need to keep moving to avoid getting hurt.
D) They have to learn how to avoid body contact.
10. A) They do not have many years to live after retirement.
B) They tend to live a longer life with early retirement.
C) They do not start enjoying life until full retirement.
D) They keep themselves busy even after retirement.
11. A) It prevents us from worrying.
B) It slows down our aging process.
C) It enables us to accomplish more in life.
D) It provides us with more chances to learn.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) It tends to dwell upon their joyous experiences.
B) It wanders fbr almost half of their waking time.
C) It has trouble concentrating after a brain injury.
D) It tends to be affected by their negative feelings.
13. A) To find how happiness relates to daydreaming.
B) To observe how one's mind affects one's behavior.
C) To see why daydreaming impacts what one is doing.
D) To study the relation between health and daydreaming.
6 ・ 2

----- PAGE 4 -----
14. A) It helps them make good decisions.
B) It helps them tap their potentials.
C) It contributes to their creativity.
D) It contributes to clear thinking.
15. A) Subjects with clear goals in mind outperformed those without clear goals.
B) The difference in performance between the two groups was insignificant.
C) Non-daydreamers were more focused on their tasks than day dreamers.
D) Daydreamers did better than non-daydreamers in task performance.
Section C
Directions -In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They are the oldest buildings in Europe.
B) They are part of the Christian tradition.
C) They are renovated to attract tourists.
D) They are in worsening condition.
17. A) They have a history of 14 centuries.
B) They are 40 metres tall on average.
C) They are without foundations.
D) They consist of several storeys.
18. A) Wood was harmonious with nature.
B) Wooden buildings kept the cold out.
C) Timber was abundant in Scandinavia.
D) The Vikings liked wooden structures.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Similarities between human babies and baby animals.
B) Cognitive features of different newly bom mammals.
C) Adults, influence on children.
D) Abilities of human babies.
6 , 3

----- PAGE 5 -----
20. A) They can distinguish a happy tune from a sad one.
B) They love happy melodies more than sad ones.
C) They fall asleep easily while listening to music.
D) They are already sensitive to beats and rhythms.
21. A) Infants5 facial expressions.
B) Babies, emotions.
C) Babies' interaction with adults.
D) Infants5 behaviors.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) It may harm the culture of today's workplace.
B) It may hinder individual career advancement.
C) It may result in unwillingness to take risks.
D) It may put too much pressure on team members.
23. A) They can hardly give expression to their original views.
B) They can become less motivated to do projects of their own.
C) They may find it hard to get their contributions recognized.
D) They may eventually lose their confidence and creativity.
24. A) They can enlarge their professional circle.
B) They can get chances to engage in research.
C) They can make the best use of their expertise.
D) They can complete the project more easily.
25. A) It may cause lots of arguments in a team.
B) It may prevent making a timely decision.
C) It may give rise to a lot of unnecessary expenses.
D) It may deprive a team of business opportunities.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A n sw er S h e e t 2  with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
6 ・
 4

----- PAGE 6 -----
When considering risk factors associated with serious chronic diseases, we often think about
health indicators such as cholesterol, blood pressure, and body weight. But poor diet and physical
inactivity also each increase the risk of heart disease and have a role to play in the development of
some cancers. Perhaps worse, the 
26 
effects of an unhealthy diet and insufficient exercise are not
limited to your body. Recent research has also shown that 
27 
in a high-fot and high-sugar diet
may have negative effects on your brain, causing learning and memory 
28 
.
Studies have found obesity is associated with impairments in cognitive functioning, as 
29
by a range of learning and memory tests, such as the ability to remember a list of words presented
some minutes or hours earlier. There is also a growing body of evidence that diet-induced cognitive
impairments can emerge 
30 —within weeks or even days. For example, one study found healthy
adults 
31 
to a high-fat diet for five days showed impaired attention, memory, and mood
compared with a low-fat diet control group. Another study also found eating a high-fat and high-
sugar breakfast each day fbr as little as four days resulted in problems with learning and memory
32 
to those observed in overweight and obese individuals.
Body weight was not hugely different between the groups eating a healthy diet and those on
high fat and sugar diets. So this shows negative 
33 
of poor dietary intake can occur even when
body weight has not changed 
34 
. Thus, body weight is not always the best indicator of health
and a thin person still needs to eat well and exercise 
35 
.
A) assessed
I) excelling
B) assigned
J) indulging
C) consequences
K) loopholes
D) conspicuously
L) rapidly
E) deficits
M) redundant
F) designated
N) regularly
G) detrimental
0) similar
H) digestion
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Increased Screen Time and Wellbeing Decline in Youth
[ A] Have young people never had it so good? Or do they face more challenges than any previous
generation? Our current era in the West is one of high wealth. This means minors enjoy material
6 ・ 5

----- PAGE 7 -----
benefits and legal protections that would have been the envy of those living in the past. But
there is an increasing suspicion that all is not well for our youth. And one of the most popular
explanations, among some experts and the popular media, is that excessive u screen time” is to
blame. (This refers to all the attention young people devote to their phones, tablets and laptops.)
However, this is a contentious theory and such claims have been treated skeptically by some
scholars based on their reading of the relevant data.
[ B] Now a new study has provided another contribution to the debate, uncovering strong evidence
that adolescent wellbeing in the United States really is experiencing a decline and arguing that
the most likely cause is the electronic riches we have given them. The background to this is that
from the 1960s into the early 2000s, measures of average wellbeing went up in the US. This
was especially true fbr younger people. It reflected the fact that these decades saw a climb in
general standards of living and avoidance of mass societal traumas like full-scale war or
economic deprivation. However, the u screen time" hypothesis, advanced by researchers such as
Jean Twenge, is that electronic devices and excessive time spent online may have reversed these
trends in recent years, causing problems fbr young people's psychological health.
[ C] To investigate, Twenge and her colleagues dived into the 11 Monitoring the Futuredataset based
on annual surveys of American school students from grades 8, 10, and 12 that started in 1991.
In total, 1. 1 million young people answered various questions related to their wellbeing.
Twenge's team's analysis of the answers confirmed the earlier, well-established wellbeing climb,
with scores rising across the 1990s, and into the later 2000s. This was found across measures
like self-esteem, life satisfaction, happiness and satisfaction with individual domains like job,
neighborhood, or friends. But around 2012 these measures started to decline. This continued
through 2016, the most recent year for which data is available.
[ D] Twenge and her colleagues wanted to understand why this change in average wellbeing
occurred. However, it is very hard to demonstrate causes using non-experimental data such as
this. In fact, when Twenge previously used this data to suggest a screen time effect, some
commentators were quick to raise this problem. They argued that her causal-sounding claims
rested on correlational data, and that she had not adequately accounted fbr other potential causal
factors. This time around, Twenge and her team make a point of saying that they are not trying
to establish causes as such, but that they are assessing the plausibility of potential causes.
[ E] First, they explain that if a given variable is playing a role in affecting wellbeing, then we should
expect any change in that variable to correlate with the observed changes in wellbeing. If not, it
is not plausible that the variable is a causal factor. So the researchers looked at time spent in a
number of activities that could plausibly be driving the wellbeing decline. Less sport, and fewer
6 , 6

----- PAGE 8 -----
meetings with peers correlated with lower wellbeing, as did less time reading print media
(newspapers) and, surprisingly, less time doing homework. (This last finding would appear to
contradict another popular hypothesis that it is our burdening of students with assignments that
is causing all the problems.) In addition, more TV watching and more electronic communication
both correlated with lower wellbeing. All these effects held true for measures of happiness, life
satisfaction and self-esteem, with the effects stronger in the 8th and lOth-graders.
[ F ] Next, Twenge's team dug a little deeper into the data on screen time. They found that
adolescents who spent a very small amount of time on digital devices—a couple of hours a
week- had the highest wellbeing. Their wellbeing was even higher than those who never used
such devices. However, higher doses of screen time were clearly associated with lower
happiness. Those spending 10-19 hours per week on their devices were 41 percent more likely
to be unhappy than lower-frequency users. Those who used such devices 40 hours a week or
more (one in ten teenagers) were twice as likely to be unhappy. The data was slightly
complicated by the fact that there was a tendency fbr kids who were social in the real world to
also use more online communication, but by bracketing out different cases it became clear that
the real-world sociality component correlated with greater wellbeing, whereas greater time on
screens or online only correlated with poorer wellbeing.
[ G] So far, so plausible. But the next question is, are the drops in average wellbeing happening at
the same time as trends toward increased electronic device usage? It looks like it- after all,
2012 was the tipping point when more than half of Americans began owning smartphones.
Twenge and her colleagues also found that across the key years of 2013-16, wellbeing was
indeed lowest in years where adolescents spent more time online, on social media, and reading
news online, and when more youth in the United States had smartphones. And in a second
analysis, they found that where technology went, dips in wellbeing followed. For instance, years
with a larger increase in online usage were followed by years with lower wellbeing, rather than
the other way around. This does not prove causality, but is consistent with it. Meanwhile, TV
use did not show this tracking. TV might make you less happy, but this is not what seems to be
driving the recent declines in young people's average happiness.
[H] A similar but reversed pattern was found for the activities associated with greater wellbeing. For
example, years when people spent more time with friends were better years fbr wellbeing (and
followed by better years). Sadly, the data also showed face-to-face socializing and sports activity
had declined over the period covered by the survey.
[ I] There is another explanation that Twenge and her colleagues wanted to address: the impact of the
great recession of 2007-2009, which hit a great number of American families and might be
6 ・ 7

----- PAGE 9 -----
affecting adolescents. The dataset they used did not include economic data, so instead the
researchers looked at whether the 2013-16 wellbeing decline was tracking economic indicators.
They found some evidence that some crude measures, like income inequality, correlated with
changes in wellbeing, but economic measures with a more direct impact, like family income and
unemployment rates (which put families into difficulties), had no relationship with wellbeing.
The researchers also note that the recession hit some years before we see the beginning of the
wellbeing drop, and before the steepest wellbeing decline, which occurred in 2013.
[ J ] The researchers conclude that electronic communication was the only adolescent activity that
increased at the same time psychological wellbeing declined. I suspect that some experts in the
field will be keen to address alternative explanations, such as unassessed variables playing a role
in the wellbeing decline. But the new work does go further than previous research and suggests
that screen time should still be considered a potential barrier to young people's flourishing.
36. The year when most Americans began using smartphones was identified as a turning point in
young Americans, level of happiness.
37. Scores in various wellbeing measures began to go downward among young Americans in recent
years.
38. Unfortunately, activities involving direct contact with people, which contributed to better
wellbeing, were found to be on the decline.
39. In response to past critics, Twenge and her co-researchers stress they are not trying to prove that
the use of digital devices reduces young people's wellbeing.
40. In the last few decades of the 20th century, living standards went up and economic depressions
were largely averted in the US.
41. Contrary to popular belief, doing homework might add to students, wellbeing.
42. The author believes the researchers5 new study has gone a step further regarding the impact of
screen time on wellbeing.
43. The researchers found that extended screen time makes young people less happy.
44. Data reveals that economic inequality rather than family income might affect people's wellbeing.
45. Too much screen time is widely believed to be the cause of unhappiness among today's young
people.
6 ・ 8

----- PAGE 10 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
“The dangerous thing about lying is people don't understand how the act changes us,“ says Dan
Ariely, behavioural psychologist at Duke University. Psychologists have documented children lying as
early as the age of two. Some experts even consider lying a developmental milestone, like crawling
and walking, because it requires sophisticated planning, attention and the ability to see a situation
from someone else's perspective to manipulate them. But, fbr most people, lying gets limited as we
develop a sense of morality and the ability to self^regulate.
Harvard cognitive neuroscientist Joshua Greene says, fbr most of us, lying takes work. In studies,
he gave study subjects a chance to deceive fbr monetary gain while examining their brains in a
functional MRI machine, which maps blood flow to active parts of the brain. Some people told the
truth instantly and instinctively. But others opted to lie, and they showed increased activity in their
frontal parietal (颅腔壁的)control network, which is involved in difficult or complex thinking. This
suggests that they were deciding between truth and dishonesty—and ultimately opting for the latter.
For a follow-up analysis, he found that people whose neural ( 神经的) reward centres were more
active when they won money were also more likely to be among the group of liars- suggesting that
lying may have to do with the inability to resist temptation.
External conditions also matter in terms of when and how often we lie.We are more likely to lie,
research shows, when we are able to rationalise it, when we are stressed and fatigued or see others
being dishonest. And we are less likely to lie when we have moral reminders or when we think others
are watching. u We as a society need to understand that, when we don't punish lying, we increase the
probability it will happen again,“ Ariely says.
In a 2016 study published in the journal Nature Neuroscience, Ariely and colleagues showed how
dishonesty alters people's brains, making it easier to tell lies in the future. When people uttered a
falsehood, the scientists noticed a burst of activity in their amygdala. The amygdala is a crucial part of
the brain that produces fear, anxiety and emotional responses including that sinking, guilty feeling you
get when you lie. But when scientists had their subjects play a game- in which they won money by
deceiving their partner, they noticed the negative signals from the amygdala began to decrease. Not
only that, but when people faced no consequences for dishonesty, their falsehoods tended to get even
more sensational. This means that if you give people multiple opportunities to lie for their own
benefit, they start with little lies which get bigger over time.
6 ・ 9

----- PAGE 11 -----
46. Why do some experts consider lying a milestone in a child's development?
A) It shows they have the ability to view complex situations from different angles.
B) It indicates they have an ability more remarkable than crawling and walking.
C) It represents their ability to actively interact with people around them.
D) It involves the coordination of both their mental and physical abilities.
47. Why does the Harvard neuroscientist say that lying takes work?
A) It is hard to choose from several options.
B) It is difficult to sound natural or plausible.
C) It requires speedy blood flow into one's brain.
D) It involves lots of sophisticated mental activity.
48. Under what circumstances do people tend to lie?
A) When they become too emotional.
B) When they face too much peer pressure.
C) When the temptation is too strong.
D) When the consequences are not imminent.
49. When are people less likely to lie?
A) When they are worn out and stressed.
B) When they are under watchful eyes.
C) When they think in a rational way.
D) When they have a clear conscience.
50. What does the author say will happen when a liar does not get punished?
A) They may feel justified.
B) They will tell bigger lies.
C) They will become complacent.
D) They may mix lies and truths.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Here's how the Pacific Northwest is preparing for “The Big One". Ifs the mother of all disaster
drills for what could be the worst disaster in American history. California has spent years preparing
for “The Big One”- the inevitable earthquake that will undoubtedly unleash all kinds of havoc along
the famous San Andreas fault (断层).But what if the fault that runs along the Pacific Northwest
delivers a gigantic earthquake of its own? If the people of the Cascadia region have anything to do
with it, they won't be caught unawares.
6 • 10

----- PAGE 12 -----
The region is engaged in a multi-day earthquake-and-tsunami (海啸)drill involving around
20,000 people. The Cascadia Rising drill gives area residents and emergency responders a chance to
practice what to do in case of a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and tsunami along one of the nation's
dangerous- and underestimated- faults.
The Cascadia Earthquake Zone is big enough to compete with San Andreas (ifs been called the
most dangerous fault in America), but it's much lesser known than its California cousin. Nearly 700
miles long, the earthquake zone is located by the North American Plate off the coast of Pacific British
Columbia, Washington, Oregon and Northern California.
Cascadia is whafs known as a “ megathrust“ fault. Megathrusts are created in earthquake
zones- land plate boundaries where two plates converge. In the areas where one plate is beneath
another, stress builds up over time. During a megathrust event, all of that stress releases and some of
the world's most powerful earthquakes occur. Remember the 9.1 earthquake and tsunami in the Indian
Ocean off Sumatra in 2004? It was caused by a megathrust event as the India plate moved beneath
the Burma micro-plate.
The last time a major earthquake occurred along the Cascadia fault was in 1700, so officials
worry that another event could occur any time. To prevent that event from becoming a catastrophe,
first responders will join members of the public in rehearsals that involve communication, evacuation,
search and rescue, and other scenarios.
Thousands of casualties are expected if a 9.0 earthquake were to occur. First, the earthquake
would shake metropolitan areas including Seattle and Portland. This could trigger a tsunami that
would create havoc along the coast. Not all casualties can necessarily be prevented—but by
coordinating across local, state, and even national borders, officials hope that the worst-case scenario
can be averted. On the exercise's website, officials explain that the report they prepare during this
rehearsal will inform disaster management fbr years to come.
For hundreds of thousands of Cascadia residents, “ The Big One" isn't a question of if, only
when. And it's never too early to get ready fbr the inevitable.
51. What does u The Big Onen refer to?
A) A gigantic geological fault.
B) A large-scale exercise to prepare for disasters.
C) A massive natural catastrophe.
D) A huge tsunami on the California coast.
52. What is the purpose of the Cascadia Rising drill?
A) To prepare people fbr a major earthquake and tsunami.
B) To increase residents, awareness of imminent disasters.
C) To teach people how to adapt to post-disaster life.
D) To cope with the aftermath of a possible earthquake.
6 ・ 11

----- PAGE 13 -----
53. What happens in case of a megathrust earthquake according to the passage?
A) Two plates merge into one.
B) A variety of forces converge.
C) Boundaries blur between plates.
D) Enormous stress is released.
54. What do the officials hope to achieve through the drills?
A) Coordinating various disaster-relief efforts.
B) Reducing casualties in the event of a disaster.
C) Minimizing property loss caused by disasters.
D) Establishing disaster and emergency management.
55. What does the author say about 41 The Big One”?
A) Whether it will occur remains to be seen.
B) How it will arrive is too early to predict.
C) Its occurrence is just a matter of time.
D) It keeps haunting Cascadia residents.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
牡丹(peony)花色艳丽，形象高雅，象征着和平与繁荣，因而在中国被称为“花中之王”。中
国许多地方都培育和种植牡丹。千百年来，创作了许多诗歌和绘画赞美牡丹。唐代时期，牡丹
在皇家园林普遍种植并被誉为国花，因而特别风行。十世纪时,洛阳古城成为牡丹栽培中心，而
且这一地位一直保持到今天。现在，成千上万的国内外游客蜂拥到洛阳参加一年一度的牡丹
节，欣赏洛阳牡丹的独特之美，同时探索九朝古都的历史。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 14 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
having a sense of social responsibility. You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 15 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2019年1 2 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 16 -----
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you
will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
4) , B) , C) and £)). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) It focuses exclusively on jazz.
B) It sponsors major jazz concerts.
C) It has several branches in London.
D) It displays albums by new music talents.
2. A) It originated with cowboys.
B) Its market has now shrunk.
C) Its listeners are mostly young people.
D) It remains as widespread as hip hop music.
3. A) Its definition is varied and complicated.
B) It is still going through experimentation.
C) It is frequently accompanied by singing.
D) Its style has remained largely unchanged.
4. A) Learn to play them.
B) Take music lessons.
C) Listen to them yourself.
D) Consult jazz musicians.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) She paid her mortgage.
B) She called on the man.
C) She made a business plan.
D) She went to the bank.
6. A) Her previous debt hadn't been cleared yet.
B) Her credit history was considered poor.
C) She had apparently asked for too much.
D) She didn't pay her mortgage in time.
7. A) Pay a debt long overdue.
B) Buy a piece of property.
C) Start her own business.
D) Check her credit history.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 17 -----
8. A) Seek advice from an expert about fundraising.
B) Ask fbr smaller loans from different lenders.
C) Build up her own finances step by step.
D) Revise her business proposal carefully.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) ,B ) , C)
and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It is profitable and environmentally friendly.
B) It is well located and completely automated.
C) It is small and unconventional.
D) It is fertile and productive.
10. A) Their urge to make farming more enjoyable.
B) Their desire to improve farming equipment.
C) Their hope to revitalize traditional farming.
D) Their wish to set a new farming standard
11. A) It saves a lot of electricity. 
C) It causes hardly any pollution.
B) It needs little maintenance. 
D) It loosens soil while weeding.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) It has turned certain insects into a new food source.
B) It has started to expand business outside the UK.
C) It has imported some exotic foods from overseas.
D) It has joined hands with Sainsbury's to sell pet insects.
13. A) It was really unforgettable. 
C) It hurt his throat slightly.
B) It was a pleasant surprise. 
D) It made him feel strange.
6 ・ 2

----- PAGE 18 -----
14. A) They are more tasty than beef, chicken or pork.
B) They are more nutritious than soups and salads.
C) They contain more protein than conventional meats.
D) They will soon gain popularity throughout the world.
15. A) It is environmentally friendly. 
C) It requires new technology.
B) It is a promising industry. 
D) It saves huge amounts of labour.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B ) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) To categorize different types of learners.
B) To find out what students prefer to learn.
C) To understand the mechanism of the human brain.
D) To see if they are inherent traits affecting learning.
17. A) It was defective. 
C) It was original in design.
B) It was misguided. 
D) It was thought-provoking.
18. A) Auditory aids are as important as visual aids.
B) Visual aids are helpful to all types of learners.
C) Reading plain texts is more effective than viewing pictures.
D) Scientific concepts are hard to understand without visual aids.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Not playing a role in a workplace revolution.
B) Not benefiting from free-market capitalism.
C) Not earning enough money to provide for the family.
D) Not spending enough time on family life and leisure.
6 , 3

----- PAGE 19 -----
20. A) People would be working only fifteen hours a week now.
B) The balance of power in the workplace would change.
C) Technological advances would create many new jobs.
D) Most workers could afford to have house of their own.
21. A) Loss of workers5 personal dignity.
B) Deprivation of workers' creativity.
C) Deterioration of workers9 mental health.
D) Unequal distribution of working hours.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
22. A) It is the worst managed airport in German history.
B) It is now the biggest and busiest airport in Europe.
C) It has become something of a joke among Germans.
D) It has become a typical symbol of German efficiency.
23. A) The city's airports are outdated. 
C) The city wanted to boost its economy.
B) The city had just been reunified. 
D) The city wanted to attract more tourists.
24. A) The municipal government kept changing hands.
B) The construction firm breached the contract.
C) Shortage of funding delayed its construction.
D) Problems of different kinds kept popping up.
25. A) Tourism industry in Berlin suffers. 
C) Huge maintenance costs accumulate.
B) All kinds of equipment gets rusted. 
D) Complaints by local residents increase.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
6 • 4

----- PAGE 20 -----
The persistent haze over many of our cities is a reminder of the polluted air that we breathe.
Over 80% of the world's urban population is breathing air that fails to meet World Health
Organisation guidelines, and an estimated 4.5 million people died 
26 
from outdoor air pollution
in 2015.
Globally, urban populations are expected to double in the next 40 years, and an extra 2 billion
people will need new places to live, as well as services and ways to move around their cities. What is
more important, the decisions that we make now about the design of our cities will 
27 
the
everyday lives and health of the coming generations. So what would a smog-free, or at least low-
pollution, city be like?
Traffic has become 
28 
with air pollution, and many countries intend to ban the sale of new
petrol and diesel cars in the next two decades. But simply 
29 
to electric cars will not mean
pollution-free cities. The level of emissions they cause will depend on how the electricity to run them
is 
30 
, while brakes, tyres and roads all create tiny airborne 
31 
as they wear out.
Across the developed world, car use is in decline as more people move to city centers, while
young people especially are 
32 
for other means of travel. Researchers are already asking if motor
vehicle use has reached its 
33 
and will decline, but transport planners have yet to catch up with
this 
34 
, instead of laying new roads to tackle traffic jams. As users of London's orbital M25
motorway will know, new roads rapidly fill with more traffic. In the US, studies have shown that
doubling the size of a road can 
35 
double the traffic, taking us back to the starting point.
Section B
Directions ： In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph 力•。机
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A n sw er S h eet 2.
A)
alternate
I)
particles
B)
crown
J)
peak
C)
determine
K)
prematurely
D)
generated
L)
simply
E)
locating
M)
switching
F)
merged
N)
synonymous
G)
miniatures
0)
trend
H)
opting
6 ・ 5

----- PAGE 21 -----
How Much Protein Do You Really Need?
[A] The marketing is tempting: Get stronger muscles and healthier bodies with minimal effort by
adding protein powder to your morning shake or juice drink. Or grab a protein bar at lunch or for
a quick snack. Today, you can find protein supplements everywhere -  online or at the pharmacy,
grocery store or health food store. They come in powders, pills and bars. With more than $ 12
billion in sales this year, the industry is booming and, according to the market research company,
Grand View Research, is on track to sell billions more by 2025. But do we really need all this
supplemental protein? It depends. There are pros, cons and some other things to consider.
[B] For starters, protein is critical for every cell in our body. It helps build nails, hair, bones and
muscles. It can also help you feel fuller longer than eating foods without protein. And, unlike
nutrients that are found only in a few foods, protein is present in all foods. " The typical
American diet is a lot higher in protein than a lot of us think," says registered dietitian Angela
Pipitone. "It's in foods many of us expect, such as beef, chicken and other types of meat and
dairy. But ifs also in foods that may not come immediately to mind like vegetables, fruit, beans
and grains.n
[C] The U.S. govemmenfs recommended daily allowance （RDA） fbr the average adult is 50 to 60
grams of protein a day. This may sound like a lot, but Pipitone says: " We get bits of protein here
and there and that really adds up throughout the day." Take, fbr example, breakfast. If you eat
two eggs topped with a little bit of cheese and an orange on the side, you already have 22 grams
of protein. Each egg gives you 7 grams, the cheese gives you about 6 grams and the orange 一
about 2 grams. Add a lunch of chicken, rice and broccoli （西兰花），and you are already over the
recommended 50 grams. u You can get enough protein and meet the RDA before you even get to
dinner,n says Pipitone.
[D] So if it's so easy to get your protein in food, why add more in the form of powders, snack bars or
a boost at your local juice bar? No need to, says Pipitone, because, in fact, most of us already get
enough protein in our diet. " Whole foods are always the best option rather than adding
supplements,she says, noting the FDA does not regulate supplements as rigorously as foods or
drugs. So there could be less protein, more sugar and some additives you wouldn't expect, such
as caffeine （咖啡因）.
[E] If you are considering a supplement, read the list of ingredients, she says, although this is not
always reliable. u Tve seen very expensive protein supplements that claim to be high quality but
6 , 6

----- PAGE 22 -----
they might not really be beneficial for the average healthy adult,“ she says. "It could just be a
waste of money.”
[F] But there are certain situations that do warrant extra protein. " Anytime you're repairing or
building muscle," Pipitone says, such as if you're an extreme endurance athlete, training for a
marathon, or you're a body builder. If you're moderately exercising for 150 minutes a week, as
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends, or less than that, you're probably
not an extreme athlete. Extreme athletes expend lots of energy breaking down and repairing and
building muscles. Protein can give them the edge they need to speed that process.
[G] Vegans can benefit from protein supplements since they do not eat animal-based protein sources
like meat, dairy or eggs. And, for someone always on-the-go who may not have time for a meal,
a protein snack bar can be a good option for occasional meal replacement. Also, individuals
recovering from surgery or an injury can also benefit from extra protein. So, too, can older
people. At around age 60, u muscles really start to break down," says Kathryn Starr, an aging
researcher, u and because of that, the protein needs of an older adult actually increase.v
[H] In fact, along with her colleague Connie Bales, Starr recently conducted a small study that found
that adding extra protein foods to the diet of obese older individuals who were trying to lose
weight strengthened their muscles. Participants in the study were separated into two groups 一
one group was asked to eat 30 grams of protein per meal in the form of whole foods. That meant
they were eating 90 grams of protein a day. The other group -  the control group -  was put on
a typical low-calorie diet with about 50 to 60 grams of protein a day. After six months,
researchers found the high protein group had significantly improved their muscle function 一
almost twice as much as the control group. " They were able to walk faster, had improved
balance, and were also able to get up out of a chair faster than the control group,“ Starr says. All
67 participants were over 60 years of age, and both groups lost about the same amount of weight.
[I] Starr is now looking into whether high-protein diets also improve the quality of the muscle itself in
seniors. She's using CT scans to measure muscle size and fat, and comparing seniors on a high-
protein diet to those on regular diets. She says her findings should be available in a couple of months.
6 ・ 7

----- PAGE 23 -----
[J] In the meantime, 70-year-old Corliss Keith, who was in the high protein group in Starr's latest
study, says she feels a big difference. "I feel excellent," she says. UI feel like I have a different
body, I have more energy, I'm stronger." She says she is able to take Zumba exercise classes three
times a week, work out on the treadmill （跑步机），and take long, brisk walks. Keith also lost more
than 15 pounds. u Pm a fashionable person, so now I'm back in my 3-inch heels,“ she says.
[K] As people age, Starr says muscle strength is key to helping them stay strong and continue living
on their own in their own home. HI feel very much alive now,“ says Keith. "I feel like I could
stay by myself until Pm 100.”
[L] But can people overdo protein? Pipitone says you do have to be careful. Other researchers say
too much protein can cause cramps （痉挛），headaches, and fatigue. De/iydra力，。九（脱水）is also a
risk when you eat too much protein. Pipitone says if you increase protein, you also have to
increase your fluid intake. " I always tell people to make sure they're drinking enough fluids,"
which fbr the average person is 60 to 70 ounces a day, which translates into eight 8-ounce glasses
of water or liquid per day.
[M] There have been some indications that extra protein makes the kidneys work harder, which could
be problematic fbr individuals with a history of kidney disease and for them, the supplements may
increase the risk of kidney stones, she says.
[N] Bottom line, if you think you need more protein in your diet, consider these questions: Are you
an extreme athlete; are you recovering from injury or surgery; or are you 60 years or older? If so,
adding high protein foods like eggs and meat products to your diet can be beneficial. And, if
you're not sure, it is always a good idea to check with your primary care provider.
36. It is quite easy fbr one to take in the recommended amount of protein.
37. Pipitone claims that healthy adults need not spend money on protein supplements.
38. The protein supplement business is found to be thriving.
39. Protein can speed the repairing of damaged muscles.
40. Protein supplements may overburden some internal organ, thus leading to its malfunctioning.
41. Older adults need to take in more protein to keep their muscles strong.
6 ・ 8

----- PAGE 24 -----
42. Protein is found in more foods than people might realize.
43. Additional protein was found to help strengthen the muscles of overweight seniors seeking weight loss.
44. Pipitone believes that whole foods provide the best source of protein.
45. People are advised to drink more liquid when they take in more protein.
Section C
Directions ；
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Last year, a child was bom at a hospital in the UK with her heart outside her body. Few babies
survive this rare condition, and those who do must endure numerous operations and are likely to have
complex needs. When her mother was interviewed, three weeks after her daughter's birth, she was
asked if she was prepared for what might be a daunting (令人生畏的)task caring fbr her. She
answered without hesitation that, as far as she was concerned, this would be a “privilege” .
Rarely has there been a better example of the power of attitude, one of our most powerful
psychological tools. Our attitudes allow us to turn mistakes into opportunities, and loss into the
chance for new beginnings. An attitude is a settled way of thinking, feeling and/or behaving towards
particular objects, people, events or ideologies. We use our attitudes to filter, interpret and react to the
world around us. You weren't bom with attitudes; rather they are all learned, and this happens in a
number of ways.
The most powerful influences occur during early childhood and include both what happened to
you directly, and what those around you did and said in your presence. As you acquire a distinctive
identity, your attitudes are further refined by the behavior of those with whom you identify—your
family, those of your gender and culture, and the people you admire, even though you may not know
them personally. Friendships and other important relationships become increasingly important,
particularly during adolescence. About that same time and throughout adulthood, the information you
receive, especially when ideas are repeated in association with goals and achievements you find
attractive, also refines your attitudes.
Many people assume that our attitudes are internally consistent, that is, the way you think and
6 ・ 9

----- PAGE 25 -----
feel about someone or something predicts your behavior towards them. However, many studies have
found that feelings and thoughts don't necessarily predict behavior. In general, your attitudes will be
internally consistent only when the behavior is easy, and when those around you hold similar beliefs.
Thafs why, fbr example, many say they believe in the benefits of recycling or exercise, but don't
behave in line with their views, because it takes awareness, effort and courage to go beyond merely
stating that you believe something is a good idea.
One of the most effective ways to change an attitude is to start behaving as if you already feel
and think the way you'd prefer to. Take some time to reflect on your attitudes, to think about what
you believe and why. Is there anything you consider a burden rather than a privilege? If so, start
behaving- right now- as if the latter is the case.
46. What do we learn from the passage about attitude?
A) It shapes our beliefs and ideologies.
B) It improves our psychological wellbeing.
C) It detennines how we respond to our immediate environment.
D) It changes the way we think, feel and interact with one another.
47. What can contribute to the refinement of one's attitude, according to the passage?
A) Their idols' behaviors. 
C) Their contact with the opposite gender.
B) Their educational level. 
D) Their interaction with different cultures.
48. What do many studies find about people's feelings and thoughts?
A) They may not suggest how a person is going to behave.
B) They are in a way consistent with a person's mentality.
C) They may not find expression in interpersonal relations.
D) They are in line with a person's behavior no matter what.
49. How come many people don't do what they believe is good?
A) They can't afford the time. 
C) They are hypocritical.
B) They have no idea how to. 
D) They lack willpower.
50. What is proposed as a strategy to change attitude?
A) Changing things that require one's immediate attention.
B) Starting to act in a way that embodies one's aspirations.
C) Adjusting one's behavior gradually over a period of time.
D) Considering ways of reducing one's psychological burdens.
6 • 10

----- PAGE 26 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Industrial fishing fbr krill (鳞虾)in the unspoilt waters around Antarctica is threatening the
future of one of the world's last great wildernesses, according to a new report.
The study by Greenpeace analysed the movements of krill fishing vessels in the region and
found they were increasingly operating u in the immediate vicinity of penguin colonies and whale
feeding groundsn . It also highlights incidents of fishing boats being involved in groundings, oil spills
and accidents, which posed a serious threat to the Antarctic ecosystem.
The report, published on Tuesday, comes amid growing concern about the impact of fishing and
climate change on the Antarctic. A global campaign has been launched to create a network of ocean
sanctuaries to protect the seas in the region and Greenpeace is calling fbr an immediate halt to fishing
in areas being considered fbr sanctuary status.
Frida Bengtsson from Greenpeace's Protect the Antarctic campaign said: " If the krill industry
wants to show ifs a responsible player, then it should be voluntarily getting out of any area which is
being proposed as an ocean sanctuary, and should instead be backing the protection of these huge
tracts of the Antarctic.”
A global campaign has been launched to turn a huge tract of Antarctic seas into ocean
sanctuaries, protecting wildlife and banning not just krill fishing, but all fishing. One was created in
the Ross Sea in 2016, another reserve is being proposed in a vast area of the Weddell Sea, and a third
sanctuary is under consideration in the area west of the Antarctic Peninsula- a key krill fishing area.
The Commission for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources (CCAMLR)
manages the seas around Antarctica. It will decide on the Weddell Sea sanctuary proposal at a
conference in Australia in October, although a decision on the peninsula sanctuary is not expected
until later.
Keith Reid, a science manager at CCAMLR, said that the organisation sought “ a balance
between protection, conservation and sustainable fishing in the Southern Ocean/' He said although
more fishing was taking place nearer penguin colonies it was often happening later in the season
when these colonies were empty.
“The creation of a system of marine protected areas is a key part of ongoing scientific and
policy discussions in CCAMLR,“ he added. u Our long-term operation in the region depends on a
healthy and thriving Antarctic marine ecosystem, which is why we have always had an open dialogue
with the environmental non-govemmental organisations. We strongly intend to continue this dialogue,
including talks with Greenpeace, to discuss improvements based on the latest scientific data. We are
not the ones to decide on the establishment of marine protected areas, but we hope to contribute
positively with our knowledge and experience."
6 ・ 11

----- PAGE 27 -----
51. What does Greenpeace's study find about krill fishing?
A) It caused a great many penguins and whales to migrate.
B) It was depriving penguins and whales of their habitats.
C) It was carried out too close to the habitats of penguins and whales.
D) It posed an unprecedented threat to the wildlife around Antarctica.
52. For what purpose has a global campaign been launched?
A) To reduce the impact of climate change on Antarctica.
B) To establish conservation areas in the Antarctic region.
C) To regulate krill fishing operations in the Antarctic seas.
D) To publicise the concern about the impact of krill fishing.
53. What is Greenpeace's recommendation to the krill industry?
A) Opting to operate away from the suggested conservation areas.
B) Volunteering to protect the endangered species in the Antarctic.
C) Refraining from krill fishing throughout the breeding season.
D) Showing its sense of responsibility by leading the global campaign.
54. What did CCAMLR aim to do according to its science manager?
A) Raise public awareness of the vulnerability of Antarctic species.
B) Ban all commercial fishing operations in the Southern Ocean.
C) Keep the penguin colonies from all fishing interference.
D) Sustain fishing without damaging the Antarctic ecosystem.
55. How does CCAMLR define its role in the conservation of the Antarctic environment?
A) A coordinator in policy discussions. 
C) A provider of the needed expertise.
B) An authority on big data analysis. 
D) An initiator of marine sanctuaries.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
梅花(plum blossom)位居中国十大名花之首，源于中国南方，已有三千多年的栽培和种植
历史。隆冬时节，五颜六色的梅花不畏严寒，迎着风雪傲然绽放。在中国传统文化中，梅花象征
着坚强、纯洁、高雅，激励人们不畏艰难、砥砺前行。自古以来，许多诗人和画家从梅花中获取灵
感，创作了无数不朽的作品。普通大众也都喜爱梅花,春节期间常用于家庭装饰。南京市已将
梅花定为市花，每年举办梅花节，成千上万的人冒着严寒到梅花山踏雪赏梅。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 28 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
having a sense of family responsibility. You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 29 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2019年1 2 月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 30 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
特别说明
¥ 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
I
I 第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
, ^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » 7
1
Part III
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A n sw er S h e e t 2  with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than
once.
The number of devices you can talk to is multiplying- first it was your phone, then your car,
and now you can tell your kitchen appliances what to do. But even without gadgets that understand
our spoken commands, research suggests that, as bizarre as it sounds, under certain 
26 
, people
regularly ascribe human traits to everyday objects.
Sometimes we see things as human because we are 
27 
In one experiment, people who
reported feeling isolated were more likely than others to attribute 
28 
to various gadgets. In turn,
feeling close to objects can 
29 
loneliness. When college students were reminded of a time they
had been 
30 
in a social setting, they compensated by exaggerating their number of friends- unless
they were first given tasks that caused them to interact with their phone as if it had human qualities.
According to the researchers, the participants5 phones 
31 
substituted for real friends.
At other times, we personify products in an effort to understand them. One study found that
three in four respondents yelled at their computer. Further, the more their computer gave them
problems, the more likely the respondents were to report that it had its own <l beliefs and 
32
So how do people assign traits to an object? In part, we rely on looks. On humans, wide faces
are 
33 
with dominance. Similarly, people rated cars, clocks, and watches with wide faces as more
dominant-looking than narrow-faced ones, and preferred them- especially in 
34 
situations. An
analysis of car sales in Germany found that cars with grilles (护栅)that were upturned like smiles
sold best. The purchasers saw this 
35 
as increasing a car's friendliness.
6 ・ 1

----- PAGE 31 -----
A)
alleviate
I)
desires
B)
apparently
J)
excluded
C)
arrogant
K)
feature
D)
associated
L)
lonely
E)
circumstances
M)
separate
F)
competitive
N)
spectacularly
G)
conceded
0)
warrant
H)
consciousness
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Why More Farmers Are Making The Switch to Grass-Fed Meat and Dairy
[ A ] Though he didn't come from a forming family, from a young age Tim Joseph was fascinated by
the idea of living off the land. Reading magazines like The Stockman Grass Farmer and Graze, he
got hooked on the idea of grass-fed agriculture. The idea that all energy and wealth comes from
the sun really intrigued him. He thought the shorter the distance between the sun and the end
product, the higher the profit to the farmer.
[ B] Joseph wanted to put this theory to the test. In 2009, he and his wife Laura launched Maple Hill
Creamery, an organic, all grass-fed yogurt company in northern New York. He quickly learned
what the market has demonstrated: Demand fbr grass-fed products currently exceeds supply.
Grass-fed beef is enjoying a 25-30% annual growth rate. Sales of grass-fed yogurt and kefir (发
酵乳饮品)，on the other hand, have in the last year increased by over 38%. This is in
comparison with a drop of just under 1% in the total yogurt and kefir market, according to
natural and organic market research company SPINS. Joseph's top priority became getting his
hands on enough grass-fed milk to keep customers satisfied, since his own 64-cow herd wasn't
going to suffice.
[ C] His first partnership was with Paul and Phyllis Amburgh, owners of the Dharma Lea form in
New York. The Amburghs, too, were true believers in grass-fed. In addition to supplying milk
from their own 85-head herd, they began to help other fanners in the area convert from
conventional to certified organic and grass-fed in order to enter the Maple Hill supply chain.
6 ・ 2

----- PAGE 32 -----
Since 2010, the couple has helped 125 small dairy forms convert to grass-fed, with more than
80% of those farms coming on board during the last two years.
[ D ] All this conversion has helped Maple Hill grow 40-50% every year since it began, with no end
in sight. Joseph has learned that a farmer has to have a certain mindset to successfully convert.
But convincing open-minded dairy people is actually not that hard, when you look at the
economics. Grass-fed milk can fetch up 2.5 times the price of conventional milk. Another factor
is the squeeze that conventional dairy formers have felt as the price of grain they feed their cows
has gone up, tightening their profit margins. By replacing expensive grain feed with regenerative
management practices, grass-fed fanners are insulated from jumps in the price of feed. These
practices include grazing animals on grasses grown from the pastureland's natural seed bank,
and fertilized by the cows' own fertilizer.
[ E] Champions of this type of regenerative grazing also point to its animal welfare, climate and
health benefits: Grass-fed animals live longer out of confinement. Grazing herds stimulate
microbial （微生物自勺）activity in the soil, helping to capture water and separate carbon. And
grass-fed dairy and meat have been shown to be higher in certain nutrients and healthy fats.
[F] In the grass fed system, farmers are also not subject to the wildly fluctuating milk prices of the
international commodity market. The unpredictability of global demand and the lag-time it takes
to add more cows to a herd to meet demand can result in events like the recent cheese surplus.
Going grass-fed is a safe refuge, a way for family-scale farms to stay viable. Usually a farmer
will get to the point where financially, what they're doing is not working. Thafs when they call
Maple Hill. If the farm is well managed and has enough land, and the desire to convert is
sincere, a relationship can begin. Through regular regional educational meetings, a large annual
meeting, individual farm visits and thousands of phone calls, the Amburghs pass on the
principles of pasture management. Maple Hill signs a contract pledging to buy the farmers milk
at a guaranteed base price, plus quality premiums and incentives fbr higher protein, butter-fat
and other solids.
[ G ] While Maple HilFs conversion program is unusually hands-on and comprehensive, ifs just one
of a growing number of businesses committed to slowly changing the way America farms.
Joseph calls sharing his knowledge network through peer-to-peer learning a core piece of the
company's culture. Last summer, Massachusetts grass-fed beef advocate John Smith launched
Big Picture Beef, a network of small grass-fed beef forms in New England and New York that is
projected to bring to market 2,500 head of cattle from 125 producers this year. Early indications
are that Smith will have no shortage of farm members. Since he began to informally announce
the network at farming conferences and on social media, he's received a steady stream of
inquiries from interested farmers.
6 , 3

----- PAGE 33 -----
[ H] Smith says he'll provide services ranging from formal seminars to on-farm workshops on holistic
（整体的）management, to one-on-one hand-holding and an almost 24/7 phone hotline fbr
farmers who are converting. In exchange, he guarantees an above-market price for each animal
and a calf-to-customer electronic ear tag ID system like that used in the European Union.
[ I] Though advocates portray grass fed products as a win-win situation for all, they do have
downsides. Price, for one, is an issue. Joseph says his products are priced 10-20% above organic
versions, but depending on the product chosen, compared to non-organic conventional yogurt,
consumers could pay a premium of 30-50% or more for grass-fed. As for the meat, Smith says
his grass-fed hamburger will be priced 20-25% over the conventional alternative. But a look at
the prices on online grocer Fresh Direct suggests a grass-fed premium of anywhere from
35-60%.
[J] And not every farmer has the option of going grass-fed. For both beef and dairy production it
requires, at least in the beginning, more pastureland. Grass-fed beef production tends to be more
labor-intensive as well. But Smith counters that if you factor in the hidden cost of government
com subsidies, environment degradation, and decreased human heath and animal welfare, grass-
fed is the more cost-effective model. "The sun provides the lowest cost of production and the
cheapest meat," he says.
[ K] Another grass-fed booster spurring farmers to convert is EPIC, which makes meat-based protein
bars. Founders Taylor Collins and his wife, Katie Forrest, used to be endurance athletes; now
出ey're advocates of grass-fed meat. Soon after launching EPIC's most successful product- the
Bison Bacon Cranberry Bar- Collins and Forrest found they'd exhausted their sources fbr bison
（北美野牛）raised exclusively on pasture. When they started researching the supply chain, they
learned that only 2-3% of all bison is actually grass-fed. The rest is feed-lot confined and fed
grain and com.
[ L] But after General Mills bought EPIC in 2016, Collins and Forrest suddenly had the resources
they needed to expand their supply chain. So the company teamed up with Wisconsin-based
rancher Northstar Bison. EPIC fronted the money fbr the purchase of $ 2.5 million worth of
young bison that will be raised according to its grass-fed protocols, with a guaranteed purchase
price. The message to young people who might not otherwise be able to afford to break into the
business is,“ ' You can purchase this $ 3 million piece of land here, because I'm guaranteeing
you today you'll have 1,000 bison on it? We're bringing new blood into the old, conventional
farming ecosystem, which is really cool to see,“ Collins explains.
36. Farmers going grass-fed are not affected by the ever-changing milk prices of the global market.
37. Over the years, Tim Joseph's partners have helped many dairy farmers to switch to grass-fed.
6 ・ 4

----- PAGE 34 -----
38. One advocate believes that many other benefits should be taken into consideration when we assess
the cost-effectiveness of grass-fed farming.
39. Many dairy farmers were persuaded to switch to grass-fed when they saw its advantage in terms
of profits.
40. Tim Joseph's grass-fed program is only one example of how American farming practice is
changing.
41. Tim Joseph was fascinated by the notion that sunlight brings energy and wealth to mankind.
42. One problem with grass-fed products is that they are usually more expensive than conventional
ones.
43. Grass fed products have proved to be healthier and more nutritious.
44. When Tim Joseph started his business, he found grass-fed products fell short of demand.
45. A snack bar producer discovered that the supply of purely grass-fed bison meat was scarce.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Schools are not just a microcosm ( 缩影) of society; they mediate it too. The best seek to
alleviate the external pressures on their pupils while equipping them better to understand and handle
the world outside- at once sheltering them and broadening their horizons. This is ambitious in any
circumstances, and in a divided and unequal society the two ideals can clash outright ( 直接地).
Trips that many adults would consider the adventure of a lifetime—treks in Borneo, a sports tour
to Barbados- appear to have become almost routine at some state schools. Parents are being asked
fbr thousands of pounds. Though schools cannot profit from these trips, the companies that arrange
them do. Meanwhile, pupils arrive at school hungry because their families can't afford breakfast. The
Child Poverty Action Group says nine out of 30 in every classroom fall below the poverty line. The
discrepancy is startlingly apparent. Introducing a fundraising requirement for students does not help,
as better-off children can tap up richer aunts and neighbours.
Probing the rock pools of a local beach or practising French on a language exchange can fire
6 ・ 5

----- PAGE 35 -----
children's passions, boost their skills and open their eyes to life's possibilities. Educational outings
help bright but disadvantaged students to get better scores in A-level tests. In this globalised age,
there is a good case for international travel, and some parents say they can manage the cost of a
school trip abroad more easily than a family holiday. Even in the face of immense and mounting
financial pressures, some schools have shown remarkable determination and ingenuity in ensuring that
all their pupils are able to take up opportunities that may be truly life-changing. They should be
applauded. Methods such as whole-school fundraising, with the proceeds ( 收益)pooled, can help to
extend opportunities and fuel community spirit.
But £ 3,000 trips cannot be justified when the average income for families with children is just
over £ 30,000. Such initiatives close doors for many pupils. Some parents pull their children out of
school because of expensive field trips. Even parents who can see that a trip is little more than a party
or celebration may well feel guilt that their child is left behind.
The Department fbr Education's guidance says schools can charge only for board and lodging if
the trip is part of the syllabus, and that students receiving government aid are exempt from these
costs. However, many schools seem to ignore the advice; and it does not cover the kind of glamorous,
exotic trips, which are becoming increasingly common. Schools cannot be expected to bring together
communities single-handed. But the least we should expect is that they do not foster divisions and
exclude those who are already disadvantaged.
46. What does the author say best schools should do?
A) Prepare students to both challenge and change the divided unequal society.
B) Protect students from social pressures and enable them to face the world.
C) Motivate students to develop their physical as well as intellectual abilities.
D) Encourage students to be ambitious and help them to achieve their goals.
47. What does the author think about school field trips?
A) They enable students from different backgrounds to mix with each other.
B) They widen the gap between privileged and disadvantaged students.
C) They give the disadvantaged students a chance to see the world.
D) They only benefit students with rich relatives and neighbours.
48. What does the author suggest can help build community spirit?
A) Events aiming to improve community services.
B) Activities that help to fuel students5 ingenuity.
C) Events that require mutual understanding.
D) Activities involving all students on campus.
49. What do we learn about low-income parents regarding school field trips?
A) They want their children to participate even though they don't see much benefit.
B) They don't want their kids to participate but find it hard to keep them from going.
C) They don't want their kids to miss any chance to broaden their horizons despite the cost.
6 , 6

----- PAGE 36 -----
D) They want their children to experience adventures but they don't want them to run risks.
50. What is the authofs expectation of schools?
A) Bringing a community together with ingenuity.
B) Resolving the existing discrepancies in society.
C) Avoiding creating new gaps among students.
D) Giving poor students preferential treatment.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Rising temperatures and overfishing in the pristine (未受污染的)waters around the Antarctic
could see king penguin populations pushed to the brink of extinction by the end of the century,
according to a new study. The study5s report states that as global warming transforms the environment
in the world's last great wilderness, 70 percent of king penguins could either disappear or be forced to
find new breeding grounds.
Co-author Celine Le Bohec, from the University of Strasbourg in France, warned: 4tIf there're no
actions aimed at halting or controlling global warming, and the pace of the current human-induced
changes such as climate change and overfishing stays the same, the species may soon disappear.n The
findings come amid growing concern over the future of the Antarctic. Earlier this month a separate
study found that a combination of climate change and industrial fishing is threatening the krill (磷虾)
population in Antarctic waters, with a potentially disastrous impact on whales, seals and penguins. But
today's report is the starkest warning yet of the potentially devastating impact of climate change and
human exploitation on the Antarctic's delicate ecosystems.
Le Bohec said: (l Unless current greenhouse gas emissions drop, 70 percent of king penguins-
1.1
million breeding pairs- will be forced to relocate their breeding grounds, or face extinction by 2100."
King penguins are the second-largest type of penguin and only breed on specific isolated islands in
the Southern Ocean where there is no ice cover and easy access to the sea. As the ocean warms, a
body of water called the Antarctic Polar Front- an upward movement of nutrient-rich sea that
supports a huge abundance of marine life- is being pushed further south. This means that king
penguins, which feed on fish and krill in this body of water, have to travel further to their feeding
grounds, leaving their hungry chicks for longer. And as the distance between their breeding grounds
and their food grows, entire colonies could be wiped out.
Le Bohec said: 11 The plight of the king penguin should serve as a warning about the future of
the entire marine environment in the Antarctic. Penguins, like other seabirds and marine mammals,
occupy higher levels in the food chain and they are what we call bio-indicators of their ecosystems.,,
Penguins are sensitive indicators of changes in marine ecosystems. As such, they are key species fbr
understanding and predicting impacts of global change on Antarctic and sub-Antarctic marine
ecosystems. The report found that although some king penguins may be able to relocate to new
breeding grounds closer to their retreating food source, suitable new habitats would be scarce. Only a
handful of islands in the Southern Ocean are suitable fbr sustaining large breeding colonies.
6 ・ 7

----- PAGE 37 -----
51. What will happen by 2100, according to a new study?
A) King penguins in the Antarctic will be on the verge of dying out.
B) Sea water will rise to a much higher level around the Antarctic.
C) The melting ice cover will destroy the great Antarctic wilderness.
D) The pristine waters around the Antarctic will disappear forever.
52. What do we learn from the findings of a separate study?
A) Shrinking krill population and rising temperatures could force Antarctic whales to migrate.
B) Human activities have accelerated climate change in the Antarctic region in recent years.
C) Industrial fishing and climate change could be fatal to certain Antarctic species.
D) Krill fishing in the Antarctic has worsened the pollution of the pristine waters.
53. What does the passage say about king penguins?
A) They will turn out to be the second-largest species of birds to become extinct.
B) Many of them will have to migrate to isolated islands in the Southern Ocean.
C) They feed primarily on only a few kinds of krill in the Antarctic Polar Front.
D) The majority of them may have to find new breeding grounds in the future.
54. What happens when sea levels rise in the Antarctic?
A) Many baby king penguins can't have food in time.
B) Many king penguins could no longer live on krill.
C) Whales will invade king penguins, breeding grounds.
D) Whales will have to travel long distances to find food.
55. What do we learn about the Southern Ocean?
A) The king penguins there are reluctant to leave fbr new breeding grounds.
B) Its conservation is key to the sustainable propagation of Antarctic species.
C) It is most likely to become the ultimate retreat fbr species like the king penguin.
D) Only a few of its islands can serve as huge breeding grounds for king penguins.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
荷花(lotus flower)是中国的名花之一，深受人们喜爱。中国许多地方的湖泊和池塘都适宜
荷花生长。荷花色彩鲜艳，夏日清晨绽放，夜晚闭合，花期长达两三个月，吸引来自各地的游客
前往观赏。荷花具有多种功能，既能绿化水面,又能美化庭园,还可净化水质、减少污染、改善环
境。荷花迎骄阳而不惧,出污泥而不染，象征纯洁、高雅，常常用来比喻人的高尚品德，历来是诗
人画家创作的重要题材。荷花盛开的地方也是许多摄影爱好者经常光顾之地。
6 • 8

----- PAGE 38 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
having a sense of community responsibility. You should write at least 150 words but
no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！
