
----- PAGE 1 -----
2015 年12 月英语六级真题及答案
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay based on
the picture below. You should focus on the impact of social networking
websites on reading.You are reauired to write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
1. A) The restaurant offers some specials each day.
B) The restaurant is known for its food varieties.
C) The dressing makes the mixed salad very inviting.
D) The woman should mix the ingredients thoroughly.
2. A) He took over the firm from Mary.
B) He is running a successful business.
C) He failed to foresee major problems.
D) He is opening a new consulting firm.
3. A. Someone should be put in charge of office supplies.
B) The man can leave the discs in the office cabinet.
C) The man may find the supplies in the cabinet.
D) The printer in the office has run out of paper.
4. A) He has to use a magnifying glass to see clearly.
B) The woman can use his glasses to read.
C) He has the dictionary the woman wants.
D) The dictionary is not of much help to him.
5. A) Redecorating her office.
B) Majoring in interior design.
C) Seeking professional advice.
D) Adding some office furniture.
6. A) Problems in port management.
B) Improvement of port facilities.
C) Delayed shipment of goods.
D) Shortage of container ships.
7. A) Their boss.
B) A colleague.

----- PAGE 2 -----
C) Their workload.
D) A coffee machine.
8. A) Call the hotel manager for help.
B) Postpone the event until a later date.
C) Hold the banquet at a different place.
D) Get an expert to correct the error.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
9. A) He shares some of the household duties.
B) He often goes back home late for dinner.
C) He cooks dinner for the family occasionally.
D) He dines out from time to time with friends.
10. A) To take him to dinner.
B) To talk about a budget plan.
C) To discuss an urgent problem.
D) To pass on an important message.
11. A) Foreign investors are losing confidence in India's economy.
B) Many multinational enterprises are withdrawing from India.
C) There are wild fluctuations in the international money market.
D) There is a sharp increase in India's balance of payment deficit.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
12. A) They have unrealistic expectations about the other half.
B) They may not be prepared for a lifelong relationship.
C) They form a more realistic picture of life.
D) They try to adapt to their changing roles.
13. A) He is lucky to have visited many exotic places.
B) He is able to forget all the troubles in his life.
C) He is able to meet many interesting people.
D) He is lucky to be able to do what he loves.
14. A) It is stressful.
B) It is full of time.
C) It is all glamour.
D) It is challenging
15. A) Bothered.
B) Amazed.
C) Puzzled.
D) Excited.
Section B
Directions : In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each
passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the
questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A., B.,C. and D .
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet I with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.
16. A) Maintain the traditional organizational culture.

----- PAGE 3 -----
B) Learn new ways of relating and working together.
C) Follow closely the fast development of technology.
D) Learn to be respectful in a hierarchical organization.
17. A) How the team integrates with what it is supposed to serve.
B) How the team is built to keep improving its performance.
C) What type of personnel the team should be composed of.
D) What qualifications team members should be equipped with.
18. A) A team manager must set very clear and high objectives.
B) Teams must consist of members from different cultures.
C) Team members should be knowledgeable and creative.
D) A team manager should develop a certain set of skills.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the passage you have just heard.
19. A) It is a platform for sharing ideas on teaching at the University of Illinois.
B) It was mainly used by scientists and technical people to exchange text.
C) It started off as a successful program but was unable to last long.
D) It is a program allowing people to share information on the Web.
20. A) He visited a number of famous computer scientists.
B) He met with an entrepreneur named Jim Clark.
C) He sold a program developed by his friends.
D) He invested in a leading computer business.
21. A) They had confidence in his new ideas.
B) They trusted his computer expertise.
C) They were very keen on new technology.
D) They believed in his business connections.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
22. A) Prestige advertising.
B) Institutional advertising.
C) Word of mouth advertising.
D) Distributing free trial products.
23. A) To sell a particular product.
B) To build up their reputation.
C) To promote a specific service.
D) To attract high-end consumers.
24. A) By using the services of large advertising agencies.
B) By hiring their own professional advertising staff.
C) By buying media space in leading newspapers.
D) By creating their own ads and commericais.
25. A) Decide on what specific means of communication to employ.
B) Conduct a large-scale survey on customer needs.
C) Specify the objectives of the campaign in detail.
D) Pre-test alternative ads or commercials in certain regions.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is

----- PAGE 4 -----
read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea.
When tho passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in
tho blanks with the exact words you have just heard. Finally, when tho
passage is read for the third time, you should chock what you have
written.
Extinction is difficult concept to grasp. It is an 26 concept. It's not at all like the
killing of individual lifeforms that can be renewed through normal processes of
reproduction. Nor is it simply 27 numbers. Nor is it damage that can somehow be
remedied or for which some substitute can be ound. Nor is it something that simply
affects our own generation. Nor is it something that could be remedied by some
supernatural power. It is rather an 28 and final act for which there is no remedy on
earth or in heaven. A species once extinct is gone forever. However many generations
29 us incoming centuries, none of them will ever see this species that we
extinguish.Not only are we bringing about the extinction of life 30 , we are also
making the land and the air and the sea so toxic that the very conditions of life are
being destroyed. 31 basic natural resources, not only are the nonrenewable resources
being 32 in a frenzy (疯狂) of processing,consuming, and 33 , but we are also mining
much of our renewable resources, such as the very soil itself on which terrestrial (地
球上的) life depends.
The change that is taking place on the earth and in our minds is one of the
greatest changes ever to take place in human affairs, perhaps the greatest, since what
we are talking about is not simply another historical change or cultural 34 , but a
change of geological and biological as well as psychological order of 35 .
Part III
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to
select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank
following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making
your choices.Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark
tho corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through tho centre. You may not use any of tho words in the bank
more than once.
Questions 36 to 45 are based on the following passage.
It seems to be a law in the technology industry that leading companies eventually
lose their positions, often quickly and brutally.Mobile phone champion Nokia, one of
Europe's biggest technology success stories, was no 36 , losing its market share in just
a few years.
In 2007, Nokia accounted for more than 40% of mobile phone sales 37 But
consumers' preferences were already 38 toward touch-screen smartphones. With the
introduction of Apple's iPhone in the middle of that year, Nokia's market share 39
rapidly and revenue plunged. By the end of 2013, Nokia had sold its phone business

----- PAGE 5 -----
to Microsoft.
What sealed Nokia's fate was a series of decisions made by Stephen Elop in his
position as CEO,which he 40 in October 2010. Each day that Elop spent in charge of
Nokia, the company's market value declined by $ 23 million, making him, by the
numbers, one of the worst CEO in history. But Elop was not the only person at 41
Nokia's board resisted change, making it impossible for the company to adapt to rapid
shifts in the industry. Most 42 , Jorma Ollila, who had led Nokia's transition from an
industrial company to a technology giant, was too fascinated by the company's 43
success to recognize the change that was needed to sustain its competitiveness. The
company also embarked on a 44 cost-cutting program, which included the 45
elimination of which had motivated employees to take risks and make miracles. Good
leaders left the company, taking Nokia's sense of vision and directions with them. Not
surprisingly, much of Nokia's most valuable design and programming talent left as
well.
A) Assumed
B) Bias
C) Desperate
D) Deterioration
E) Exception
F) Fault
G) Incidentally
H) Notably
I) Previous
J) Relayed
K) Shifting
L) Shrank
M) Subtle
N) Transmitting
O) Worldwide
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements
attached to it. Each statement contains information given in one of the
paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.
You may choose a paragraph more than once.Each paragraph is marked
with a letter. Answer the questions by .marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2. First-Generation College-Goers: Unprepared and
Behind Kids who are the first in their families to brave the world of
higher education come on campus with little academic know—how and
are much more likely than their peers to drop out before graduation.
[A] When Nijay Williams entered college last fall as a first-generation student
and Jamaican immigrant, he was academically unprepared for the rigors of higher
education. Like many first-generation students, he enrolled in a medium-sized state

----- PAGE 6 -----
university many of his high school peers were also attending, received a Pell Grant,
and took out some small federal loans to cover other costs. Given the high price of
room and board and the closeness of the school to his family, he chose to live at home
and worked between 30 and 40 hours a week while taking a full class schedule.
[B] What Nijay didn't realize about his school-Tennessee State University-was its
frighteningly low graduation rate: a mere 29 percent for its first-generation students.
At the end of his first year, Nijay lost his Pell Grant of over $ 5,000 after narrowly
missing the 2.0 GPA cut-off, making it impossible for him to continue paying for
school.
[C] Nijay represents a large and growing group of Americans: first-generation
college students who enter school unprepared or behind. To make matters worse,
these schools are ill-equipped to graduate these students-young adults who face
specific challenges and obstacles. They typically carry financial burdens that
outweigh these of their peers, are more likely to work while attending school, and
often require significant academic remediation (补习).
[D] Matt Rubin off directs I'm First, a nonprofit organization launched last
October to reach out to this specific population of students. He hopes to distribute this
information and help prospective college-goers find the best post-secondary fit. And
while Rubin off believes there are a good number of four-year schools that truly care
about these students and set aside significant resources and programs for them, he
says that number isn't high enough.
[E] "It's not only the selective and elite institutions that provide these
opportunities for a small subset of this population," Rubin off said, adding that a
majority of first-generation undergraduates tend toward options such as online
programs, two-year colleges, and commuter state schools. "Unfortunately, there tends
to be a lack of information and support to help students think bigger and broader. "
[F] Despite this problem, many students are still drawn to these institutions--and
two-year schools in particular. As a former high school teacher, I saw students choose
familiar, cheaper options year after year. Instead of skipping out on higher education
altogether, they chose community colleges or state schools with low bars for
admittance.
[G] "They underestimate themselves when selecting a university," said Dave
Jarrat, a marketing executive for Inside Track, a for-profit organization that
specializes in coaching low-income students and supporting colleges in order to help
students thrive. "The reality of it is that a lot of low-income kids could be going to
elite tufiversities on a full ride scholarship and don't even realize it. "
[H] "Many students are coming from a situation where no one around them has
the experience of successfully completing higher education, so they are coming in
questioning themselves and their college worthiness," Jarrat continued. That helps
explain why, as I'm First's Rubin off indicated, the schools to which these students end
up resorting can end up being some of the poorest matches for them. The University
of Tennessee in Knoxville offers one example of this dilemma. A flagship university
in the South, the school graduates just 16 percent of its first-generation students,
despite its overall graduation rate of 71 percent. Located only a few hours apart, The

----- PAGE 7 -----
University of Tennessee and Tennessee State are worth comparing. Tennessee State's
overall graduation rate is a tiny 39 percent, but at least it has a smaller gap between
the outcomes for first-generation students and these of their peers.
[I] Still, the University of Tennessee deserves credit for being transparent. Many
large institutions keep this kind of data secret-or at least make it incredibly difficult to
find The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, for instance, admits only that
the graduation rate for its first-generation pupils is "much lower" than the percentage
of all students who graduate within four years (81 percent).
[J] It is actually quite difficult to fred reliable statistics on the issue for many
schools. Higher education institutions are, under federal law, required to report
graduation rates, but these reports typically only include Pell recipient numbers-not
necessarily rates specific to first-generation students. Other initiatives fail to break
down the data, too. Imagine how intimidating it can be for prospective students
unfamiliar with the complexities of higher education to navigate this kind of
information and then identify which schools are the best fit.
[K] It was this lack of information that prompted the launch of I'm First in 2013,
originally as an annual of its umbrella organization, the Center For Student
Opportunity. "If we can help to direct students to more of these types of campuses and
help students to understand them to be realistic and accessible places, have them
apply to these schools at greater frequency and ultimately get in and enroll, we are
going to raise the success rate," Rubin off said, citing a variety of colleges ranging
from large state institutions to smaller private schools.
[L] Chelsea Jones, who now directs student programming at I'm First, was a
first-generation college student at Howard. Like other student new to the intimidating
higher-education world, she often struggled on her path to college, "There wasn't
really a college-bound culture at my high school," she said. "I wanted to go to college
but I didn't really know the process. " Jones became involved with a college-access
program through Princeton University in high school. Now, she attributes much of her
understanding of college to that: "But once I got to campus, it was a completely
different ball game that no one really prepared me for. "
[M] She was fortunate, though. Howard, a well-regarded historically black
college, had an array of resources for its first-generation students, including matching
kids with counselors, comecting first-generation students to one another, and TRIO, a
national program that supported 200 students on Howard's campus. Still, Jones
represents a small percentage of first-generation students who are able to gain entry
into more elite universities, which are often known for robust financial aidpackages
and remarkably high graduation rates for first-generation students.(Harvard, for
example, boasts a six-year graduation rate for underrepresented minority groups of 98
percent. )
[N] Christian Vazquez, a first-generation Yale graduate, is another exception, his
success story setting him far apart from students such as Nijay. "There is a lot of
support at Yale, to an extent, after a while, there is too much support," he said,
half-joking about the countless resources available at the school. Students are placed
in small groups with counselors (trained seniors on campus) ;they have access to

----- PAGE 8 -----
cultural and ethnic affinity (联系) groups, tutoring centers and also have a summer
orientation specifically for first-generation students ( the latter being one of the most
common programs for students).
[O] "Our support structure was more like : ' You are going to get through Yale;
you are going to do well,' " he said, hinting at mentors (导师), staff, and professors
who all provided significant support for students who lacked confidence about
"belonging" at such a top institution.
46. Many first-generation college-goers have doubts about their abilities to get a
college degree.
47. First-generation college students tend to have much heavier financial burdens
than their peers.
48. The graduation rate of first-generation students at Nijay's university was
incredibly low.
49. Some top institutions like Yale seem to provide first-generation students with
more support than they actually need.
50.On entering college, Nijay Williams had no idea how challenging college
education was.
51. Many universities simply refuse to release their exact graduation rates for
first-generation students.
52. According to a marketing executive, many students from low-income
families don't know they could have a chance of going to an elite university.
53. Some elite universities attach great importance to building up the
first-generation students' serf-confidence.
54. I'm First distributes information to help first-generation college-goers find
schools that are most suitable for them.
55. Elite universities tend to graduate first-generation students at a higher rate.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some
questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four
choices marked A., B., C. and D. You should decide on the best choice
and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line
through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 56 to 60 are based on the following passage.
Saying they can no longer ignore the rising prices of health care, some of the
most influential medical groups in the nation are recommending that doctors weigh
the costs, not just the effectiveness of treatments, as they make decisions about patient
care. The shift, little noticed outside the medical establishment but already
controversial inside it, suggests that doctors are starting to redefine their roles, from
being concerned exclusively about individual patients to exerting influence on how
health care dollars are spent. In practical terms, the new guidelines
being developed
could result in doctors choosing one drug over another for cost reasons or even

----- PAGE 9 -----
deciding that a particular treatment-at the end of life, for example-is too expensive. In
the extreme, some critics have said that making treatment decisions based on cost is a
form of rationing. Traditionally, guidelines have heavily influenced the practice of
medicine, and the latest ones are expected to make doctors more conscious of the
economic consequences of their decisions, even though there's no obligation to follow
them. Medical society guidelines are also used by insurance companies to help
determine reimbursement (报销) policies. Some doctors see a potential conflict in
trying to be both providers of patient care and financial
Overseers. "There should be forces in society who should be concerned about the
budget, but they shouldn't be functioning simultaneously as doctors," said Dr. Martin
Samuels at a Boston hospital. He said doctors risked losing the trust of patients if they
told patients, "I'm not going to do what I think is best for you because I think it's bad
for the health care budget in Massachusetts.
" Doctors can face some grim trade-offs.
Studies have shown, for example, that two drugs are about
equally effective in treating macular degeneration, and eye disease. But one costs
$ 50 a dose and the other close to $ 2,000. Medicare could save hundreds of millions
of dollars a year if everyone used the cheaper drug, Avastin, instead of the costlier one,
Lucentis. But the Food and Drug Administration has not approved Avastin for use in
the eye. and using it rather than the alternative, Lucentis, might carry an additional,
altheugh slight, safety risk. Should doctors consider Medicare's budget in deciding
what to use?" I think ethically (在道德层面上) we are just worried about the patient
in front of us and not trying to save money for the insurance industry or society as a
whole," said Dr. Donald Jensen. Still, some analysts say that there's a role for doctors
to play in cost analysis because not many others are doing so. "In some ways," said Dr.
Daniel Sulmasy, "it represents a failure of wider society to take up the issue. "
56. What do some most influential medical groups recommend doctors do?
A) Reflect on the responsibilities they are supposed to take.
B) Pay more attention to the effectiveness of their treatments.
C) Take costs into account when making treatment decisions.
D) Readjust their practice in view of the cuts in health care.
57. What were doctors mainly concerned about in the past?
A) Specific medicines to be used.
B) Effects of medical treatment.
C) Professional advancement.
D) Patients' trust.
58. What may the new guidelines being developed lead to?
A) The redefining of doctors' roles.
B) Overuse of less effective medicines.
C) Conflicts between doctors and patients.
D) The prolonging of patients' suffering.
59. What risk do doctors see in their dual role as patient care providers and
financial overseers?
A) They may be involved in a conflict of interest.
B) They may be forced to divide their attention.

----- PAGE 10 -----
C) They may have to use less effective drugs.
D) They may lose the respect of patients.
60. What do some experts say about doctors' involvement in medical cost
analysis?
A) It may add to doctors' already heavy workloads.
B) It will help to save money for society as a whole.
C) It results from society's failure to tackle the problem.
D) It raises doctors' awareness of their social responsibilities.
Passage Two
Questions 61 to 65 are based on the following passage.
Economic inequality is the "defining challenge of our time," President Barack
Obama declared in a speech last month to the Center for American Progress.
Inequality is dangerous, he argued, not merely because it doesn't look good to have a
large gap between the rich and the poor, but because inequality itself destroys upward
mobility, making it harder for the poor to escape from poverty. "Increased inequality
and decreasing mobility pose a fundamental threat to the American Dream," he said.
Obama is only the most prominent public figure to declare inequality Public Enemy
No. 1 and the greatest threat to reducing poverty in America. A number of prominent
economists have also argued that it's harder for the poor to climb the economic ladder
today because the rungs (横档) in that ladder have grown farther apart.
For all the new attention devoted to the 1 percent, a new damset from the
Equality of Opportunity Project at Harvard and Berkeley suggests that, if we care
about upward mobility overall, we're vastly exaggerating the dangers of the
rich—poor gap. Inequality itself is not a particularly strong predictor of economic
mobility, as sociologist Scott Winship noted in a recent article based on his analysis of
this data. So what factors, at the community level, do predict if poor children will
move up the economic ladder as adtdts? what explains, for instance, why the Salt
Lake City metro area is one of the 100 largest metropolitan areas most likely to lift the
fortunes of the poor and the Atlanta metro area is one of the least likely?
Harvard economist Raj Cherty has pointed to economic and racial segregation,
community density, the size of a community's middle class, the quality of schools,
community religiosity, and family structure, which he calls the "single strongest
correlate of upward mobility. " Chetty finds that communities like Salt Lake City,
with high levels of two-parent families and religiosity, are much more likely to see
poor children get ahead than communities like Atlanta, with high levels of racial and
economic segregation. Chetty has not yet issued a comprehensive analysis of the
relative predictive power of each of these factors. Based on my analyses of the data.
of the factors that Chetty has highlighted, the following three seem to be most
predictive of upward mobility in a given community:
1.Per-capita (人均) income growth
2.Prevalence of single mothers ( where correlation is strong, but negative)
3.Per-capita local government spending In other words, communities with high
levels of per-capita income growth, high percentages of two-parent families, and high

----- PAGE 11 -----
local government spending-which may stand for good schools-are the most likely to
help poor children relive Horatio Alger's rags-to-riches story.
61. How does Obama view economic inequality?
A) It is the biggest obstacle to social mobility.
B) It is the greatest threat to social stability.
C) It is the No. 1 enemy of income growth.
D) It is the most malicious social evil of our time.
62. What do we learn about the inequality gap from Scott Winship's data
analysis?
A) It is fast widening across most parts of America.
B) It is not a reliable indicator of economic mobility.
C) It is not correctly interpreted.
D) It is overwhelmingly ignored.
63. Compared with Atlanta, metropolitan Salt Lake City is said to
A) have placed religious beliefs above party politics
B) have bridged the gap between the rich and the poor
C) offer poor children more chances to climb the social ladder
D) suffer from higher levels of racial and economic segregation
64. What is strongly correlated with social mobility according to economist Raj
Cherty?
A) Family structure.
B) Racial equality.
C) School education.
D) Community density.
65. What does the author seem to suggest?
A) It is important to increase the size of the middle class.
B) It is highly important to expand the metropolitan areas.
C) It is most imperative to focus our efforts on the elimination of income
inequality.
D) It is better to start from the community to help poor children move up the
social ladder.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from
Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
在中国，父母总是竭力帮助孩子，甚至为孩子做重要决定，而不管孩子想要
什么，因为他们相信这样做是为孩子好。结果，孩子的成长和教育往往屈从于父
母的意愿如果父母决定为孩子报名参加一个课外班，以增加其被重点学校录取的
机会，他们会坚持自己的决定。即使孩子根本不感兴趣。
然而在美国，父母很可能会尊重孩子的意见，并在决策时更注重他们的意见。
中国父母十分重视教育或许值得称赞。然而，他们应向美国父母学习在涉及教育
时如何平衡父母与子女间的关系。

----- PAGE 12 -----
【参考答案】
【参考范文】
As we can see from the picture, a pair of lovers is discussing about reading. To
our amusement, the boy says his favorite book is Facebook. While the picture is
seemingly humorous and ridiculous, it is thought-provoking on second thought,
intending to inform us that the Internet has exerted an important impact on our daily
reading.
Opinions vary when it comes to the impact of social networking websites on
reading. Some people insist that social networking websites provide large collections
of information at great speed and stimulate our reading interest. On the other hand,
some people claim that it is a common phenomenon that youngsters spend too much
time reading on social networking websites, and it is these websites make teenagers
have less opportunities or time to read traditional books.
There is a saying goes like this, Every coin has two sides. So there is no surprise
that there are different opinions on the impact of social networking websites on
reading. However, I am a college student, as convinced that it is necessary for us to
read on social networking websites, but it is also of greater necessity for us to read
traditional books, because social networking websites are just tools and a heavy
dependence on it will bring more harm than good.
【1-5】CBCAA
【6-10】DBCBD
【11-15】DADCB
【16-20】BADDB
【21-25】ACBAD
【26-30】eternal、diminishing、absolute、succeed、on a vast scale
【31-35】As regards、used up、disposing、modification、magnitude
【36-40】EOKLA
【41-45】FHICD
【46-50】HCBNA
【51-55】IGODM
【56-60】CBADC
【61-65】ABCAD
【翻译参考译文】
In China, parents always try every means to help their children, and even make
important decisions for them. They never care what the children really want because
they believe that it is good for the children. As a result, children's growth and
education tend to surrender to the wills of their parents.
If parents decide to sign up for their children to take an extra class to increase their
chances of being admitted to a key school, they will stick to their decision, even if
their children are not interested in it.
In the United States, however, parents are likely to respect their children's
opinions, and to pay more attention to their opinions in making decisions.
It may be worthy of praise for the Chinese parents to attach great importance to
education. However, they should learn how to balance the relationship between
parents and the children from American parents when it comes to education.
