
----- PAGE 1 -----
2015 年12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第1 套）
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay based on the
picture below. You should focus on the harm caused by misleading information online.
You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
“I just feel unfortunate to live in a world with so much misleading information!”
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Touch his heart.
C) Remind him of his life.
B) Make him cry.
D) Make him feel young.
2. A) He is good at singing operas.
C) He can sing any song if he likes it.
B) He enjoys complicated music.
D) He loves country music in particular.
3. A) He can’t do such a complicated piece of music as the opera.
B) He can’t sing a song that he doesn’t like.
C) He can’t concentrate on his singing sometimes.
D) He can’t play musical instrument while singing.
4. A) Go to a bar and drink for hours.
B) Go to an isolated place to sing blues.
C) Go to see a performance in a concert hall.
D) Go to work and wrap himself up in music.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) How he became an announcer.
C) How he makes his living.
B) How he writes news stories.
D) How he does his job.
6. A) They write the first version of news stories.
B) They gather news stories on the spot.
C) They polish incoming news stories.
D) They write comments on major news stories.

----- PAGE 2 -----
7. A) Reading through the news stories in a given period of time.
B) Having little time to read the news before going on the air.
C) Having to change the tone of his voice from time to time.
D) Getting all the words and phrases pronounced correctly.
8. A) It shows where advertisements come in.
B) It gives a signal for him to slow down.
C) It alerts him to something important.
D) It serves as a reminder of sad news.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages.At the end of each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A),B),C) and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They offer students a wide variety of courses.
B) They attract students from all over the world.
C) They admit more students than they can handle.
D) They have trouble dealing with overseas students.
10. A) Everyone will benefit from education sooner or later.
B) A good education contributes to the prosperity of a nation.
C) A good education is necessary for one to climb the social ladder.
D) Everyone has a right to an education appropriate to his potential.
11. A) He likes students with high motivation.
B) He enjoys teaching intelligent students.
C) He tailors his teaching to students’ needs.
D) He treats all his students in a fair manner.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) It is mostly imported from the Middle East.
B) It is a sure indicator of its economic activity.
C) It has a direct impact on the international oil market.
D) It equals more than 30 million barrels of oil each day.
13. A) It eventually turns into heat.
B) It is used in a variety of forms.
C) Its use is chiefly responsible for air pollution.
D) Part of it is lost in the process of transmission.
14. A) When it is used in rural areas.
C) When it operates at near capacity.
B) When it is environment-friendly.
D) When it operates at regular times.
15. A) Traffic jams in cities.
C) Fuel shortage.
B) Inefficient use of energy.
D) Global warming.
Section C

----- PAGE 3 -----
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by
three or four questions.The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question,
you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A),B), C) and D). Then
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Smelling scented candles.
C) Talking with your parents often.
B) Setting an alarm for waking up.
D) Listening to an upsetting song.
17. A) Handle the overwhelming unopened mail and tiny tasks within one minute.
B) Do anything that can be done in less than one minute without delay.
C) Do everything that can’t be done in a minute within one minute.
D) Documents must be printed out and filed within one minute.
18. A) Strict habits.
C) Hard rules.
B) Positive attitude.
D) Decision-making methods.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It takes great pains for a person to be very rich.
B) Not Everyone wants to be too rich.
C) A person will never be satisfied with his wealth.
D) A person will never have the feeling of being wealthy.
20. A) Introducing a topic.
C) Making a complaint.
B) Telling a joke.
D) Making a decision.
21. A) They were well paid by the German government.
B) They gathered mostly in London during the war.
C) They didn’t provide any valuable information for Germany.
D) They worked for both their own country and their enemies.
22. A) Some common chicken food in America.
B) The living and working conditions of Americans.
C) The German and British spies in World War Two.
D) Some expressions related to money.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) The husband is the head of the household.
B) The husband usually makes big decisions.
C) The wife lives within her husband’s income.
D) The wife works and does two kinds of jobs.
24. A) Their mother would help them to get ready for school and to make their breakfast.
B) They had to help their mother and father to take care of their younger sisters and brothers.
C) Their mother had to get up early in the morning to drive them to school.
D) They were spoiled by their parents and didn’t want to go to school.
25. A) The roles of the father, mother, and children have changed.
B) An increasing number of women work outside the home.
C) Changes have taken place in the structure of an American family.
D) The increasingly rapid pace of life makes people under greater pressure.

----- PAGE 4 -----
Part Ⅲ
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select
one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage.
Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is
identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more
than once.
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
According to a report from the Harvard School of Public Health, many everyday
products, including some bug sprays and cleaning fluids, could lead to an increased risk of
brain and behavioral disorders in children. The developing brain, the report says, is
particularly
26
to the toxic effects of certain chemicals these products may contain, and
the damage they cause can be
27
.
The official policy, however, is still evolving. Health and environmental
28
have
long urged U.S. government agencies to 29
the use of some of the 11 chemicals the
report cites and called for more studies on their long-term effects. In 2001, for example, the
Environmental Protection Agency
30
the type and amount of lead that could be present
in paint and soil in homes and child-care
31
, after concerns were raised about lead
poisoning. The agency is now
32
the toxic effects of some of the chemicals in the
latest report.
But the threshold for regulation is high. Because children’s brain and behavioral
disorders, like hyperactivity and lower grades, can also be linked to social and genetic
factors, it’s tough to pin them on exposure to specific chemicals with solid
33
evidence,
which
is
what
the
EPA
requires.
Even
the
Harvard
study
did
not
prove
a
direct 34
but noted strong associations between exposure and risk of behavioral issues.
Nonetheless, it’s smart to 35
caution. While it may be impossible to prevent kids
from drinking tap water that may contain trace amounts of chemicals, keeping kids away
from lawns recently sprayed with chemicals and freshly dry-cleaned clothes can’t hurt.
A) advocates
I) particles
B) compact
J) permanent
C) correlation
K) restricted
D) exercise
L) simulating
E) facilities
M) statistical
F) interaction
N) tighten
G) investigating
O) vulnerable
H) overwhelmed

----- PAGE 5 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to
it. Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the
paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than
once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
The Impossibility of Rapid Energy Transitions
[A] Politicians are fond of promising rapid energy transitions. Whether it is a transition
from imported to domestic oil or from coal-powered electricity production to natural-
gas power plants, politicians love to talk big. Unfortunately for them (and often the
taxpayers), our energy systems are a bit like an aircraft carrier: they are unbelievably
expensive, they’re built to last for a very long time, they have a huge amount of
inertia (meaning it takes a lot of energy to set them moving), and they have a lot of
momentum once they are set in motion. No matter how hard you try, you can’t turn
something that large on a dime (10美分硬币), or even a few thousand dimes.
[B] In physics, moving objects have two characteristics relevant to understanding the
dynamics of energy systems: inertia and momentum. Inertia is the resistance of
objects to efforts to change their state of motion. If you try to push a boulder（大圆
石), it pushes you back. Once you have started the boulder rolling, it develops
momentum, which is defined by its mass and velocity. Momentum is said to be
“conserved,” that is, once you build it up, it has to go somewhere. So a heavy object,
like a football player moving at a high speed, has a lot of momentum—that is, once he
is moving, it is hard to change his state of motion. If you want to change his course,
you have only a few choices: you can stop him, transferring (possibly painfully) some
of his kinetic energy（动能）to your own body, or you can approach alongside and
slowly apply pressure to gradually alter his course.
[C] But there are other kinds of momentum as well. After all, we don’t speak only of
objects or people as having momentum; we speak of entire systems having
momentum. Whether it’s a sports team or a presidential campaign, everybody relishes
having the big momentum, because it makes them harder to stop or change direction.
[D] One kind of momentum is technological momentum. When a technology is deployed,
its impacts reach far beyond itself. Consider the incandescent（白炽灯的）bulb, an
object currently hated by many environmentalists and energy-efficiency advocates.
The incandescent light bulb, invented by Thomas Edison, which came to be the
symbol of inspiration, has been developed into hundreds, if not thousands, of forms.
Today, a visit to a lighting store reveals a stunning array of choices. There are
standard-shaped bulbs, flame-shaped bulbs, colored globe-shaped bulbs, and more. It
is quite easy, with all that choice, to change a light bulb.
[E] But the momentum of incandescent lighting does not stop there. All of those
specialized bulbs led to the building of specialized light fixtures, from the desk lamp
you study by, to the ugly but beloved hand-painted Chinese lamp you inherited from
your grandmother, to the ceiling fixture in your closet, to the light in your oven or
refrigerator, and to the light that the dentist points at you. It is easy to change a light
bulb, sure, but it is harder to change the bulb and its fixture.
[F] And there is more to the story, because not only are the devices that house
incandescent bulbs shaped to their underlying characteristics, but rooms and entire

----- PAGE 6 -----
buildings have been designed in accordance with how incandescent lighting reflects
off walls and windows.
[G] As lighting expert Howard Brandston points out, “Generally, there are no bad light
sources, only bad applications.” There are some very commendable characteristics of
the CFL [compact fluorescent（荧光的）light bulb], yet the selection of any light
source remains inseparable from the luminaire（照明装置）that houses it, along
with the space in which both are installed, and lighting requirements that need to be
satisfied. The lamp, the fixture, and the room, all three must work in concert and for
the true benefits of end-users. If the CFL should be used for lighting a particular space,
or an object within that space, the fixture must be designed to work with that lamp,
and that fixture with the room. It is a symbiotic （共生的）relationship. A CFL
cannot be simply installed in an incandescent fixture and then expected to produce a
visual appearance that is more than washed out, foggy, and dim. The whole fixture
must be replaced—light source and luminaire—and this is never an inexpensive
proposition.
[H] And Brandston knows a thing or two about lighting, being the man who illuminated
the Statue of Liberty.
[I]
Another type of momentum we have to think about when planning for changes in our
energy systems is labor-pool momentum. It is one thing to say that we are going to
shift 30 percent of our electricity supply from, say, coal to nuclear power in 20 years.
But it is another thing to have a supply of trained talent that could let you carry out
this promise. That is because the engineers, designers, regulators, operators, and all of
the other skilled people needed for the new energy industry are specialists who have
to be trained first (or retrained, if they are the ones being laid off in some related
industry), and education, like any other complicated endeavor, takes time. And not
only do our prospective new energy workers have to be trained, they have to be
trained in the right sequence. One needs the designers, and perhaps the regulators,
before the builders and operators, and each group of workers in training has to know
there is work waiting beyond graduation. In some cases, colleges and universities
might have to change their training programs, adding another layer of difficulty.
[J]
By far the biggest type of momentum that comes into play when it comes to changing
our energy systems is economic momentum. The major components of our energy
systems, such as fuel production, refining, electrical generation and distribution, are
costly installations that have lengthy life spans. They have to operate for long periods
of time before the costs of development have been recovered. When investors put up
money to build, say, a nuclear power plant, they expect to earn that money back over
the planned life of the plant, which is typically between 40 and 60 years. Some coal
power plants in the United States have operated for more than 70 years! The oldest
continuously operated commercial hydro-electric plant in the United States is on New
York’s Hudson River, and it went into commercial service in 1898.
[K] As Vaclav Smil points out, “All the forecasts, plans, and anticipations cited above
have failed so miserably because their authors and promoters thought the transitions
they hoped to implement would proceed unlike all previous energy transitions, and
that their progress could be accelerated in an unprecedented manner.”
[L] When you hear people speaking of making a rapid transition toward any type of
energy, whether it is a switch from coal to nuclear power, or a switch from gasoline-
powered cars to electric cars, or even a switch from an incandescent to a fluorescent

----- PAGE 7 -----
light, understanding energy system inertia and momentum can help you decide
whether their plans are feasible.
36. Not only moving objects and people but all systems have momentum.
37. Changing the current energy system requires the systematic training of professionals
and skilled labor.
38. Changing a light bulb is easier than changing the fixture housing it.
39. Efforts to accelerate the current energy transitions didn’t succeed as expected.
40. To change the light source is costly because you have to change the whole fixture.
41. Energy systems, like an aircraft carrier set in motion, have huge momentum.
42. The problem with lighting, if it arises, often doesn’t lie in light sources but in their
applications.
43. The biggest obstacle to energy transition is that the present energy system is too
expensive to replace.
44. The application of a technology can impact areas beyond itself.
45. Physical characteristics of moving objects help explain the dynamics of energy
systems.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some
questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B),
C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
One hundred years ago, “Colored” was the typical way of referring to Americans of
African descent. Twenty years later, it was purposefully dropped to make way for “Negro.”
By the late 1960s, that term was overtaken by “Black.” And then, at a press conference in
Chicago in 1988, Jesse Jackson declared that “African American” was the term to embrace.
This one was chosen because it echoed the labels of groups, such as “Italian Americans”
and “Irish Americans,” that had already been freed of widespread discrimination.
A century’s worth of calculated name changes point to the fact that naming any group
is a politically freighted exercise. A 2001 study cataloged all the ways in which the term
“Black” carried connotations （涵义）that were more negative than those of “African
American.”
But if it was known that “Black” people were viewed differently from “African
Americans,” researchers, until now, hadn’t identified what that gap in perception was
derived from. A recent study, conducted by Emory University’s Erika Hall, found that
“Black” people are viewed more negatively than “African Americans” because of a
perceived difference in socioeconomic status. As a result, “Black” people are thought of as
less competent and as having colder personalities.

----- PAGE 8 -----
The study’s most striking findings shed light on the racial biases permeating the
professional world. Even seemingly harmless details on a resume, it appears, can tap into
recruiters’ biases. A job application might mention affiliations with groups such as the
“Wisconsin Association of African-American Lawyers” or the “National Black Employees
Association,” the names of which apparently have consequences, and are also beyond their
members’ control.
In one of the study’s experiments, subjects were given a brief description of a man
from Chicago with the last name Williams. To one group, he was identified as “African-
American,” and another was told he was “Black.” With little else to go on, they were asked
to estimate Mr. Williams’s salary, professional standing, and educational background.
The “African-American” group estimated that he earned about $37,000 a year and had
a two-year college degree. The “Black” group, on the other hand, put his salary at about
$29,000, and guessed that he had only “some” college experience. Nearly three-quarters of
the first group guessed that Mr. Williams worked at a managerial level, while only 38.5
percent of the second group thought so.
Hall’s findings suggest there’s an argument to be made for electing to use “African
American,” though one can’t help but get the sense that it’s a decision that papers over the
urgency of continued progress. Perhaps a new phrase is needed, one that can bring
everyone one big step closer to realizing Du Bois’s original, idealistic hope: “It’s not the
name—it’s the Thing that counts.”
46. Why did Jesse Jackson embrace the term “AfricanAmerican” for people ofAfrican descent?
A) It is free from racial biases.
B) It represents social progress.
C) It is in the interest of common Americans.
D) It follows the standard naming practice.
47. What does the author say about the naming of an ethnic group?
A) It advances with the times.
B) It is based on racial roots.
C) It merits intensive study.
D) It is politically sensitive.
48. What do Erika Hall’s findings indicate?
A) Racial biases are widespread in the professional world.
B) Many applicants don’t attend to details on their resumes.
C) Job seekers should all be careful about their affiliations.
D) Most recruiters are unable to control their racial biases.
49. What does Erika Hall find in her experiment about a man with the last name Williams?
A) African Americans fare better than many other ethnic groups.
B) Black people’s socioeconomic status in America remains low.
C) People’s conception of a person has much to do with the way he or she is labeled.
D) One’s professional standing and income are related to their educational background.
50. What is Dr. Du Bois’s ideal?

----- PAGE 9 -----
A) All Americans enjoy equal rights.
B) A person is judged by their worth.
C) A new term is created to address African Americans.
D) All ethnic groups share the nation’s continued progress.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Across the board, American colleges and universities are not doing a very good job of
preparing their students for the workplace or their post-graduation lives. This was made
clear by the work of two sociologists, Richard Arum and Josipa Roksa. In 2011 they
released a landmark study titled “Academically Adrift,” which documented the lack of
intellectual growth experienced by many people enrolled in college. In particular, Arum
and Roksa found, college students were not developing the critical thinking, analytic
reasoning and other higher-level skills that are necessary to thrive in today’s knowledge-
based economy and to lead our nation in a time of complex challenges and dynamic
change.
Arum and Roksa placed the blame for students’ lack of learning on a watered-down
college curriculum and lowered undergraduate work standards. Although going to college
is supposed to be a full-time job, students spent, on average, only 12 to 14 hours a week
studying and many were skating through their semesters without doing a significant
amount of reading and writing. Students who take more challenging classes and spend
more time studying do learn more. But the priorities of many undergraduates are with
extracurricular activities, playing sports, and partying and socializing.
Laura Hamilton, the author of a study on parents who pay for college, will argue in a
forthcoming book that college administrations are overly concerned with the social and
athletic activities of their students. In Paying for the Party, Hamilton describes what she
calls the “party pathway,” which eases many students through college, helped along by
various clubs that send students into the party scene and a host of easier majors. By
sanctioning this water-down version of college, universities are “catering to the social and
educational needs of wealthy students at the expense of others” who won’t enjoy the
financial backing or social connections of richer students once they graduate.
These students need to build skills and knowledge during college if they are to use
their degrees as a stepping-stone to middle-class mobility. But more privileged students
must not waste this opportunity either. As recent graduates can testify, the job market isn’t
kind to candidate who can’t demonstrate genuine competence, along with a well-cultivated
willingness to work hard. Nor is the global economy forgiving of an American workforce
with increasingly weak literacy, math and science abilities. College graduates will still fare
better than those with only a high school education, of course. But a university degree
unaccompanied by a gain in knowledge or skills is an empty achievement indeed. For
students who have been coasting through college, and for American universities that have
been demanding less work, offering more attractions and charging higher tuition, the party
may soon be over.
51. What is Arum and Roksa’s finding about higher education in America?

----- PAGE 10 -----
A) It aims at stimulating the intellectual curiosity of college students.
B) It fails to prepare students to face the challenges of modern times.
C) It has experienced dramatic changes in recent years.
D) It has tried hard to satisfy students’ various needs.
52. What is responsible for the students’ lack of higher-level skills?
A) The diluted college curriculum.
B) The boring classroom activities.
C) The absence of rigorous discipline.
D) The outdated educational approach.
53. What does Laura Hamilton say about college administrations?
A) They fail to give adequate help to the needy students.
B) They tend to offer too many less challenging courses.
C) They seem to be out of touch with society.
D) They prioritize non-academic activities.
54. What can be learned about the socially and financially privileged students?
A) They tend to have a sense of superiority over their peers.
B) They can afford to choose easier majors in order to enjoy themselves.
C) They spend a lot of time building strong connections with businesses.
D) They can climb the social ladder even without a degree.
55. What does the author suggest in the last paragraph?
A) American higher education has lost its global competitiveness.
B) People should not expect too much from American higher education.
C) The current situation in American higher education may not last long.
D) It will take a long time to change the current trend in higher education.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese
into English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
在中国,父母总是竭力帮助孩子，甚至为孩子做重要决定，而不管孩子想要什么,因为
他们相信这样做是为孩子好。结果,孩子的成长和教育往往屈从于父母的意愿。
如果父母决定为孩子报名参加一个课外班,以增加其被重点学校录取的机会，他们会坚
持自己的决定，即使孩子根本不感兴趣。
然而在美国,父母很可能会尊重孩子的意见，并在决策时更注重他们的意见。
中国父母十分重视教育或许值得称赞。然而，他们应向美国父母学习在涉及教育时如
何平衡父母与子女间的关系。
