
----- PAGE 1 -----
全国英语六级历年真题
1 / 13
2011 年12 月大学英语六级考试答案解析
Part I Writing
【标准版】
The Way to Success
Success is something everyone looks for, longs for and dies for. But have you ever considered what success is?
Some may hold that success means one has beautiful life, like pretty house, cool cars and great power. It’s indeed
one way to define success. But to me, success is doing something one really feels like doing.
To achieve this kind of success, one has to bear in mind three essential prerequisites, namely knowing where your
interest really lies in, possessing the strong will to pursue your interest and having the diligence to realize your
dream. In other words, they are “what” “why” and “how” of success. It’s really luckily good for one, especially
for the younger generation of today to find their dreams, follow them and in the end, make them come true and
become successful.
Although it’s never easy to succeed, progressing with the strong will and diligence towards the right direction,
you’ll be the one!
【作文解析】
这是一篇议论文。作者首先提出问题”what is success?”,但并没有在这个问题上着更多的笔墨，而是直接引
出了自己的观点：success is doing something one really feels like doing. 算是立意较为新颖的地方。随后在第
二段对这种成功背后的三种必要条件做出了阐述。整体看，行文流畅，用语规范地道。
本篇亮点：
1. 排比词组或句子的运用：
Success is something everyone looks for, longs for and dies for.
…namely, knowing where your interest really lies in, possessing the strong will to pursue your interest and having
the diligence to realize your dream.
2. bear in mind
3. lie in
4. strong will to pursue your interest
本文有待提高之处：
1. 文中人称有些混乱。有些使用第二人称代指读者，有些又以第三人称指代，建议统一。
2. 结构上，一般情况下我们建议考生使用典型的“三段式”，即，提出问题、分析问题、解决问题。该作者
基本上遵循了这个原则，但第三段更多的却是重复了第二段的中心思想，并没有起到很好的总结作用。如
果第三段，作者可以与第一段的“成功定义”相呼应，例如：即使没有这些身外之物，但心灵上的满足，梦
想的实现，才是我心中成功的本质。
整体看，文章在语言表达和立意上还不错。但在文章结构上有些松散，有待提高。
【高分版】
The Way to Success First essay—stream of thought type
The Way to Success
"Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration." And here comes our question, what is the
way to success?
A strong will and great efforts are the most essential two keys to the door of success.
Why do people fail to achieve their goal? The reason is that most of them give up halfway due to their lack of a
strong will once they encounter any difficulty. A man of a strong will always sticks to his cause no matter how
tough it might be.

----- PAGE 2 -----
全国英语六级历年真题
2 / 13
Would Thomas Edison be such a great man in history if he had done nothing but possessing a strong will? We are
all familiar with his story that he had tried one thousand kinds of materials before he finally made his great bulb
light up. Without hard effort, Edison might have been a nobody. Without efforts, no one can succeed.
To sum up, a strong will and great efforts can help one open up the way to success. Where there is a will with
efforts, there is a way.
【作文解析】
本次六级考试作文题为The way to success，与本次四级考试作文Nothing succeeds without a strong will 遥相
呼应，大同小异，都是在讨论成功这一话题。
此次六级考试作文的话题依然是老生常谈，即通往成功的道路，相信很多考生对此并不陌生，背过范文的
同学写起来肯定也是得心应手。
该范文段落结构清晰，阐释说理也足以让人信服，是一篇不错的作文。
开篇作者通过引用爱迪生关于天才的一句名言来引出问题，吸引读者注意，引起读者的思考。紧随其后，
作者就开门见山地亮出了自己的观点：只有坚强的意志和不懈的努力才能打开成功的大门。
第二段，作者同样以一个问题来引领全段，引发思考。然后通过对比不成功和最终成功的人的不同表现，
来阐释坚强的意志对获得成功的重要作用。
第三段，作者进一步阐释“仅有坚强的意志，没有实在的努力，也能成功吗？”同样是先发问，然后举了爱
迪生的事例，来证明答案是否定的。举名人的例子，而非个人的实例来作为文章的论据才更有说服力，这
也是这篇作文的高明之处。
最后一段，作者先以第一句话进行了总结，然后为了加强作文结尾的力度，作者还对名言“Where there is a
will, there is way”进行了改编，换成了自己的观点，为我所用，这也是本篇范文的一个两点之处。注意，写
作文时对名言进行恰当地改编，不仅能体现幽默创新的一面，同样也体现了作者不错的文字驾驭技巧，考
官也是很欢迎这样的文章的。
Part II Reading Comprehension (Skimming and Scanning)
1. Google claims its plan for the world’s biggest online library is _____
A. to save out-of-print books in libraries.
B. to serve the interest of the general public
C. to encourage reading around the world
D. to promote its core business of searching
【答案】B. to serve the interest of the general public
【解析】关键词：claims its motives。关键句：The company claims its motives are essentially public-spirited. Its
overall mission, after all, is to "organise the world's information", so it would be odd if that information did not
include books.
2. According to Santiago de la Mora, Google’s book-scanning project will
A. help the broad masses of readers
B. broaden humanity’s intellectual horizons
C. make full use of the power of its search engine
D. revolutionise the entire book industry
【答案】B. broaden humanity’s intellectual horizons
【解析】关键词：Santiago de la Mora。关键句：As Santiago de la Mora, head of Google Books for Europe, puts
it: "By making it possible to search the millions of books that exist today, we hope to expand the frontiers of
human knowledge."
3. Opponents of Google Books believe that digitally archiving the world's books should be controlledby_______.
A) the world’s tech giants

----- PAGE 3 -----
全国英语六级历年真题
3 / 13
B)the world’s leading libraries
C)non-profit organizations
D)multinational companies
【答案】C. non-profit organizations
【解析】关键词：Opponent。关键句：In a recent essay in the New York Review of Books, Robert Darnton, the
head of Harvard University's library, argued that because such books are a common resource – the possession of
us all – only public, not-for-profit bodies should be given the power to control them.
4. Google has involved itself in a legal battle as it ignored______.
A. the copyright of authors of out-of -print books
B. the interest of traditional sellers
C. the copyright of the books it scanned
D. the differences of in-print and out-of-print books.
【答案】C. the copyright of the books it scanned
【解析】关键词：legal battle 。关键句：At its centre, however, is one simple issue: that of copyright. The
inconvenient fact about most books, to which Google has arguably paid insufficient attention, is that they are
protected by copyright.
5. Google defends its scanning in-copyright books by saying that __________.
A) making electronic copies of books is not a violation of copyright
B) the online display of in-copyright books is not for commercial use
C) it is willing to compensate the copyright holders
D) it displays only a small part of their content
【答案】B. the online display of in-copyright books is not for commercial use
【解析】关键词：defends。关键句：In its defence, Google points out that it displays only snippets of books that
are in copyright – arguing that such displays are "fair use".
6. What do we learn about the class action suit against Google?
A. It ended in a victory for the Authors Guild of America.
B . It was settled after more than two years of negotiations.
C . It failed to protect the interest of American publishers.
D. It could lead to more out-of-court settlements of such disputes.
【答案】B. It was settle after more than two years of negotiation.
【解析】关键词：the class action suit 。关键句：In 2005, the Authors Guild of America, together with a group of
US publishers and publishers, launched a class action suit against Google that, after more than two years of
wrangling, ended with an announcement last October that Google and the claimants had reached an out-of-court
settlement.
7. What remained controversial after the class action suit ended?
A. The compensation for copyright holders.
B. The change in Google's business model.
C. Google's further exploitation of its database.
D. The commercial provisions of the settlement.
【答案】D. The commercial provision of the settlement
【解析】关键词：controversial。关键句：It is these commercial provisions that are proving the settlement's most
controversial aspect.
8. While_______, Google makes money by selling advertising.
【答案】Providing information for free

----- PAGE 4 -----
全国英语六级历年真题
4 / 13
【解析】关键词：advertising。关键句："Google's business model has always been to provide information for free,
and sell advertising on the basis of the traffic this generates,"
9. Books whose copyright holders are not known are called_______.
【答案】orphan works
【解析】关键词：copyright holder 。关键句：Interest in this aspect of the settlement has focused on "orphan"
works, where there is no known copyright holder – these make up an estimated 5% to 10% of the books Google
has scanned.
10. Google’s entrance into digital bookselling will tremendously _______ in the future.
【答案】change the world’s book market
【解析】关键词：digital book selling。关键句：But what is certain is that, in some way or another, Google's
entrance into digital bookselling will have a significant impact on the book world in years to come.
Part III Listening Comprehension
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and2 long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions
will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
11.
M: I don’t know what to do. I have to drive to Chicago next Friday for my cousin’s wedding, but I have got a
Psychology test to prepare for.
W: Why don’t you record your notes so you can study on the way?
Q: What does the woman suggest the man do?
【答案】A）Listen to the recorded notes while driving.
12.
M: Professor Wright, you may have to find another student to play this role, the lines are so long and I simply
can’t remember them all.
W: Look, Tony. It is still a long time before the first show. I don’t expect you to know all the lines yet. Just keep
practicing.
Q: What do we learn from the conversation?
【答案】C）The man lacks confidence in playing the part.
13.
M: Hello, this is Dr. Martin from the Emergency Department. I have a male patient with a fractured ankle.
W: Oh, we have one bed available in ward 3, send him here and I will take care of him.
Q: What are the speakers talking about?
【答案】A）Arranging a bed for a patient.
14.
W: Since Simon will graduate this May, the school paper needs a new editor. So if you are interested, I will be
happy to nominate you.
M: Thanks for considering me. But the baseball team is starting up a new season. And I’m afraid I have a lot on
my hands.
Q: What does the man mean?
【答案】A）He is too busy to accept more responsibility.

----- PAGE 5 -----
全国英语六级历年真题
5 / 13
15. W: Have you heard the news that Jame Smeil has resigned his post as prime minister?
M: Well, I got it from the headlines this morning. It’s reported that he made public at this decision at the last
cabinet meeting.
Q: what do we learn about Jame Smeil?
【答案】C) He has left his position in the government.
16. W: The morning paper says the space shuttle is taking off at 10 a.m. tomorrow.
M: Yeah, it’s just another one of this year’s routine missions. The first mission was undertaken a decade ago and
broadcast live then worldwide.
Q: what can we infer from this conversation?
【答案】D) The man is well informed about the space shuttle missions.
17. M: We do a lot of camping in the mountains. What would you recommend for two people?
W: You’d probably be better off with the four reel drive vehicle. We have several off-road trucks in stock, both
new and used.
Q: Where does the conversation most probably take place?
【答案】A) At a car renting company
18. W: I hear you did some serious shopping this past weekend.
M: Yeah, the speakers of my old stereo finally gave out and there was no way to repair them.
Q: What did the man do over the weekend?
【答案】更新中……
Conversation One
W: Now, could you tell me where the idea for the business first came from?
M: Well, the original shop was opened by a retired printer by the name of Gruby. Mr Gruby being left-handed
himself, thought of the idea to try to promote a few products for left-handers.
W: And how did he then go about actually setting up the business?
M: Well, he looked for any left-handed products that might already be on the market which were very few. And
then contacted the manufactures with the idea of having products produced for him, mainly in the scissors range
to start with.
W: Right. So you do commission some part of your stock.
M: Yes, very much so. About 75 percent of our stock is specially made for us.
W: And the rest of it?
M: Hmm, the rest of it now, some 25, 30 years after Mr. Gruby’s initial efforts, there are more left-handed product
actually on the market. Manufactures are now beginning to see that there is a market for left-handed products.
W: And what’s the range of your stock?
M: The range consists of a variety of scissors from children scissors to scissors for tailors, hairdressers etc. We
also have a large range of kitchen ware.
W: What’s the competition like? Do you have quite a lot of competition?
M: There are other people in the business now in specialists, but only as mail-order outlets. But we have a shop
here in central London plus a mail-order outlet. And we are without any doubt the largest supplier of the
left-handed items.
【材料评析】
这是一篇采访一名专为左撇子们提供产品的供应商的文章。文中分别谈到了创业理念的来源、产业如何创
始、产业日前发展状况以及这家产品供应商所面对的行业现状。具体细节为：创业理念开始于一名名叫
Gruby 的退休印刷工，他本人是一名左撇子，所以想到找生产商帮他实现自己所想的专门为左撇子设计产
品的理念。而这家供应商目前面对的行业现状为：市面上已有的左撇子产品比最初创业之时，增加了许多；

----- PAGE 6 -----
全国英语六级历年真题
6 / 13
但销售渠道来源主要是网络订单。而这些，并不对这家供应商公司构成竞争威胁，因为他们在伦敦有门店
和网络销售的双重渠道。因此他们是这种左撇子产品的最大供应商。
本篇文章为考查细节信息抓取能力题。难度较大主要因为考生可能对产品制造加工行业涉及到的
manufacture、stock、mail-order outlet 、supplier 等专业术语不太熟悉，而形成困扰。但考生只要能听出这
是一篇采访类型的文章，每次都能听到女士（采访者）的问题非常简短，应该立即警惕答案应该是针对男
士（被访者）的回答提问。而女士（采访者）的问题中本身就已经暗示出接下来的回答中的关键词。如：
女士问的“And what’s the range of your stock?”一句中，stock 即为关键信息词。因此，这篇文章同时也提醒
考生平时应该注意商务用语和商业常识方面的积累。
Q19: What kind of business does the man engaged in?
Q20: What does the man say about his stock of products?
Q21: What does the man say about other people in his line of business?
Conversation Two
M: Can we make you an offer? We would like to run the campaign for four extra weeks.
W: Well, can we summarize the problem from my point of view? First of all, the campaign was late. It missed two
important trade affairs. The ads also did not appear into key magazines. As a result, the campaign failed. Do you
accept that summary of what happened?
M: Well, the delay wasn’t entirely our fault. You did in fact make late changes to the specifications of the
advertisements.
W: Uh, actually, you were late with the initial proposals so you have very little time and in fact, we only asked for
small changes.
M: Well whatever, can we repeat our offer to run the campaign for 4 extra weeks?
W: That’s not really the point. The campaign missed two key trade affairs. Because of this, we are asking you
either to repeat the campaign next year for free, or we only pay 50% of the fee for this year.
M: Could we suggest a 20% reduction to the fee together with the four week sustention to the campaign.
W: We are not happy. We lost business.
M: I think we both made mistakes. The responsibility is on both sides.
W: Ok, let’s suggest a new solution. How about a 40% cut in fee, or a free repeat campaign?
M: Well, let’s take a break, we’re not getting very far. Perhaps we should think about this.
【材料评析】
这篇对话是围绕一次商业活动的推广是否延期和如何收费的讨论。对话中，女士否决了延期四周这个提议。
理由是这次的活动已经错过了两个重要的商业活动事件，而且也没有在重要杂志上打广告。而男士则坚持
要求延期，并表示：活动被耽搁的原因是女士所在公司没有及时给出对广告的修改。而男士认为是女士所
在公司提交细节修改建议太晚而导致耽搁。女士坚持无需延期，且不应延期，而应定为活动失败。因此，
女士向男士的公司提出降低收费或者明年免费为她们公司做活动的要求。最后，男士提出延期四周并给出
20%的降价。可惜女士仍然要求更低的40%的降价和下一期的免费活动推广。而男士提出还需再议。显然，
他对此提议并不表示赞同。
这篇文章总体不难，考查文章大意。而文章本身围绕是否延期和如何收费这个中心讨论点展开，没有较生
僻的词汇。但值得注意的是，考生需要通过对话推知谈话者的身份，并对说话者的语气和话外音所包含的
内容有所把握。另外，这是一篇在真实的商务谈判场景中会经常出现的状况。考生注意平时对商业和商务
常识方面的知识积累，会对把握整个听力对话的大意很有帮助。
22: What do we learn about the man’s company?
23: Why was the campaign delayed according to the man?
24: What does the woman propose as a solution to the problem?
25: What does the man suggest they do at the end of the conversation?

----- PAGE 7 -----
全国英语六级历年真题
7 / 13
Section B
Passage One
The University of Tennessee’s Walters Life Sciences building, is a model animal facility, spotlessly clean, careful
in obtaining prior approval for experiments from an animal care committee. Of the 15,000 mice house there in a
typical year, most give their lives for humanity. These are good mice and as such won the protection of the animal
care committee. At any given time however some mice escape and run free. These mice are pests. They can
disrupt experiments with the bacteria organisms they carry. They are bad mice and must be captured and destroyed.
Usually, this is accomplished by means of sticky traps, a kind of fly paper on which they become increasingly
stuck. But the real point of the cautionary tale, says animal behaviorist Herzau, is that the labels we put on things
can affect our moral responses to them. Using stick traps or the more deadly snap traps would be deemed
unacceptable for good mice. Yet the killing of bad mice requires no prior approval. Once the research animal hits
the floor and becomes an escapee, says Herza, its moral standard is instantly diminished. In Herzau’s own home,
there was more ironic example when his young son’s pet mouse Willy died recently, it was accorded a tearful
ceremonial burial in garden. Yet even as they mourned Willy, says Herzau, he and his wife were setting snap traps
to kill the pest mice in their kitchen with the bare change in labels from pet to pest, the kitchen mice obtained
totally different moral standards
【材料评析】
本篇文章主要是讲述人们对待老鼠不同的道德态度。
同是一个实验室里面老鼠，如果是为了人类实验做贡献，就是人们眼中的好老鼠；而一旦老鼠从实验室里
面跑出来，携带病菌危害到了人类健康，那么这些逃跑掉的老鼠就成为了人们眼中的坏老鼠。人类会使用
那些捕鼠夹子来消灭坏老鼠，但是对待好老鼠的时候态度截然不同，比如作者儿子的宠物老鼠死掉了，他
们家甚至给它办了一场葬礼。
作者的观点就是：如果我们对一样事物贴上了标签，那么在道德层面上，我们内心会根据标签的不同作出
不同的反应。并不是事物本身有任何好与不好，只是人类自作主张给各个事物贴上了不同的标签。
Questions:
26 What does the passage say about most of the mice used for experiments?
【答案】D）They sacrifice their lives for the benefit of humans.
27 Why did the so-called bad mice have to be captured and destroyed?
【答案】C) They may affect the results of experiments.
28 When are mice killed without prior approval?
【答案】C) When they become escapees.
29, Why does the speaker say what the Herzau’s did at home is ironical?
【答案】A）While holding a burial ceremony for a pet mouse, they were killing pest mice.
Passage Two
There are roughly three New Yorks. There is, first, the New York of the man or woman who was born here, who
takes the city for granted and accepts its size and its turbulence as natural and inevitable. Second, there is the New
York of the commuter — the city that is swallowed up by locusts each day and spat out each night. Third, there is
the New York of the person who was born somewhere else and came to New York in quest of something. Of these
three trembling cities the greatest is the last, the city of final destination, the city that has a goal. It is this third city
that accounts for New York's high-strung disposition, its poetical deportment, its dedication to the arts, and its
incomparable achievements. Commuters give the city its tidal restlessness; natives give it solidity and continuity;
but the settlers give it passion. And whether it is a farmer arriving from Italy to set up a small grocery store in a
slum, or a young girl arriving from a small town in Mississippi to escape the indignity of being observed by her
neighbors, or a boy arriving from the Corn Belt with a manuscript in his suitcase and a pain in his heart, it makes

----- PAGE 8 -----
全国英语六级历年真题
8 / 13
no difference: each embraces New York with the intense excitement of first love, each absorbs New York with the
fresh eyes of an adventurer, each generates heat and light to dwarf the Consolidated Edison Company.
【材料评析】
这篇文章的主题是城市和文化。属于散文性质。
讲述了不同的人带给纽约不同的气息。第一种，纽约本地人，让纽约完整持续；第二种，纽约上班族，让
纽约躁动不安；第三种，来纽约寻梦的人，他们让纽约充满热情。作者在内心觉得纽约正是因为有这样三
种人才能如此闪耀光彩，尤其是最后一类人，为纽约做出的贡献最大。
本篇文章中，The Three New Yorks 具有双关含义，既可以指纽约城，也可以指纽约人。有些学生可能看到
这里就没看懂。遇到这种情况应该先接着往后看，然后猜这个three New Yorks 到底指什么。
Questions 30 to 32 are based on the passage you have just heard.
30. What does the speaker say about the natives of New York?
【答案】D) They take it for granted.
31. What does the speaker say commuters give to New York?
【答案】A) Tidal restlessness.
32. What do we learn about the settlers of New York?
【答案】B) They are adventurers from all over the world.
Passage Three
“If you asked me television is unhealthy”, I said to my roommate Walter, as I walked into the living room.“While
you are sitting passively in front of the TV set, your muscles are turning to fat, your complexion is fading, and
your eyesight is being ruined.”
“Shh~”Walter put his finger to his lips, “This is an intriguing murder mystery.”
“Really?” I replied.
“But you know, the brain is destroyed by TV viewing. Creativity is killed by that box. And people are kept from
communicating with one another. From my point of view, TV is the cause of the declining interest in school and
the failure of our entire educational system.”
“Ah ha, I can’t see your point.” Walter said softly. “But see? The woman on the witness stand in this story is being
questioned about the murder that was committed one hundred years ago.”
Ignoring his enthusiastic description of the plot, I went on with my argument.
“As I see it,” I explained, “not only are most TV programs badly written and produced, but viewers are also
manipulated by the mass media. As far as I am concerned, TV watchers are cut off from reality from nature, from
the other people, from life itself! I was confident in my ability to persuade.
After a short silence, my roommate said, “Anyway, I’ve been planning to watch the football game. I am going to
change the channel.”
“Don’t touch that dial!” I shouted, “I wanted to find out how the mystery turns out!”
I am not sure I got my point to cross.
【材料评析】
这是一篇很有趣的记叙文。讲述了作者和室友的一段关于看电视问题的对话。
作者一直在强调看电视如何如何不好，并且列举出了一大堆的原因：会让身体变胖，面色枯黄，视力下降，
并且会让孩子们的创造能力，交际能力下降。但是他的室友一直没有接他的话，一直专心于看自己的电视
节目。
文章最幽默的是，最后一个情节，当室友说要换台的时候，作者立刻不愿意了，真是非常地讽刺，原来作
者自己也是离不开电视机，受不了电视节目的诱惑的。
这篇文章难度比较低，生词几乎没有，大家只要看懂情节，基本上所有问题也可以回答出来，需要仔细认
真，在听听力的时候虚拟场景。

----- PAGE 9 -----
全国英语六级历年真题
9 / 13
Questions 33- 35 are based on the passage you have just heard.
33. As the speaker walked into the living room, what was being shown on TV?
【答案】D）A murder mystery
34. What does the speaker say about watching television?
【答案】C）It is unhealthy for the viewers.
35. What can we say about the speaker?
【答案】B) He can’t resist the temptation of T.V. either.
Section C Compound Dictation
In the past, one of the biggest disadvantages of machines has been their inability to work on a micro scale. For
example, doctors did not have devices allowing them to go inside the human body to detect health problems or to
perform delicate surgery. Repair crews did not have a way of identifying broken pipes located deep within a
high-rise apartment building. However, that’s about to change. Advances in computers and biophysics have started
a micro miniature revolution that allows scientists to envision and in some cases actually build microscopic
machines. These devices promise to dramatically change the way we live and work.
Micromachines already are making an impact. At Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio, research
scientists have designed a 4-inch silicon chip that holds 700 tiny primitive motors. At Lucas Nova Sensor in
Fremont, California, scientists have perfected the world’s first microscopic blood-pressure sensor. Threaded
through a person’s blood vessels, the sensor can provide blood pressure readings at the valve of the heart itself.
Although simple versions of miniature devices have had an impact, advanced versions are still several years away.
Auto manufacturers, for example, are trying to use tiny devices that can sense when to release an airbag and how
to keep engines and breaks operating efficiently. Some futurists envision nanotechnology also being used to
explore the deep sea in small submarine, or even to launch finger-sized rockets packed with micro miniature
instruments.
“There is an explosion of new ideas and applications,” So, when scientists now think about future machines doing
large and complex tasks, they’re thinking smaller than ever before.
【答案】
36. detect
37. delicate 38. identifying 39. apartment
40. revolution 41. dramatically 42. primitive 43. vessels 44. Although simple versions of miniature devices have
had an impact, advanced versions are still several years away 45. that can sense when to release an airbag and how
to keep engines and breaks operating efficiently 46. when scientists now think about future machines doing large
and complex tasks, they’re thinking smaller than ever before
Part IV Reading Comprehension (Reading in depth)
Section A
【答案】
47. values, abilities and strengths
48. doing the right things
49. positive mental attitude
50. manage themselves
51. trust
【解析】
这篇阅读理解的主题是讲商务领导才能，关键词两个：leadership 和business。考生要理解这篇文章，就需
要抓住这两个关键词，并且认真领会作者所阐述的这二者之间的关系。

----- PAGE 10 -----
全国英语六级历年真题
10 / 13
开篇第一句即指出领导才能在当今竞争激烈的商务领域的重要地位，是排名第二的重要词汇，并指出原因。
随后进一步指出，研究领导才能的专家们会毫不犹豫地指出“做事情的方式”影响结果的成功与否，并且暗
示着做事方式的对与错。最后，作者引用了曾经是一位出色管理人Peter Drucker 总结的一句话：管理是将
事情做对，领导是做对的事情。意即在Peter Drucker 看来，优秀的领导人需要擅长做对的事情。以上都是
先前存在的对商务领导才能的一些看法。
随后第二段，作者就将话题一转，指出Stephen Covey 在其畅销书中提出的观点开始引起人们反思先前对
领导才能的理解。Stephen Covey 指出先前的领导才能都是以人的性格和个性为中心，而他则倡导领导人必
须了解实现高效的普遍原则，并且强调了领导人要想在工作中有杰出表现，先实现良好的自我管理是至关
重要的。在此基础上，作者水到渠成地指出，要达到业务目标，必须要对自己的目标和重视的东西有清楚
的认识。最后，作者总结出，商务领导才能就是要将首要的事情放在首要位置，这就暗示着在领导他人之
前，你要先对自己的价值观、能力和优势有清楚的认识，并且要让自己在别人看来是值得信任的。换句话
说，优秀的商务领导要十分了解自己，并且要能赢得他人的信任。
Section B
Passage One
【答案】
53. A It indicates that economic activities in the US have increased.
54. C Producers of agricultural goods and raw materials
55. C People’s reluctance to spend
56. B To increase their market share overseas.
【解析】
本文选自国外网站www.slate.com 上面的一篇文章，主标题为“Trade Is the New Plastics”，副标题为Young
Americans need to learn to sell and buy overseas. 讲的是关于美国贸易方面的问题，属于阅读题常考的经济方
面的话题范围。
从难度上来讲，本文不算是一篇很难的阅读题，涉及到的陌生词和比较偏的单词并不是太多。但是考生在
做题的时候，还是要保持谨慎。
在答题的时候，大家还是按照以往的做题方式，先通过题目中的关键词到原文中定位。在定位的时候，可
以略读，但要抓住重要信息点。此外，but 等转折词之后会是经常考到的考点，因此，53 题则通过“But there's
another way of looking at the trade data. Over the past two years, the figures on imports and exports seem not to
signal a double-dip recession。。。but an economic expansion.”这一句的信息点选出答案。
54 题则定位到“The rising tide of trade is also good news for people who work in trade-sensitive businesses,
especially those that produce commodities for which global demand sets the price—agricultural goods, mining,
metals, oil.”
55 题，考生要特别注意，不可因为“One great challenge for the U.S. economy is slack domestic consumer
demand.”这一句中有slack 一词，就错误的选择了D。其实正确答案是C 选项。
56.题考查作者的建议，主要是扩大市场份额。因此答案选B。
Passage Two
【答案】
57. A. they still have a place among the world leaders.
58. B. It does not reflect the differences among universities.
59. A. concentration of resources in a limited number of universities.
60. A. Fully utilize their research to benefit all sectors of society.
61. C. By promoting the efficiency of technology transfer agencies.
【解析】
这是一篇议论文。文章开头就提供了一个背景，即英国的大学在将知识转化成产品和服务的能力方面不断

----- PAGE 11 -----
全国英语六级历年真题
11 / 13
的遭受着批评。第二段提到了UK National Stem Cell Network，即英国国家干细胞网络，发出了这样的警告：
如果没有资金和立法支持的话，英国将在干细胞研究方面失去领军地位。第三段，作者针对这个批评，
提出了相反的看法，并以最近的一个研究数据作支撑：对比澳洲，加拿大，美国和英国的高校及研究所，
英国在商业化活动的指标上还是处于领先地位的。第四段作者从国家政策层面来分析，认为过去十年的政
策介入也对英国大学的表现产生了积极的影响。第五段讲述，研究资金的偏态分布不仅仅是英国独有的，
其他经济体也存在这样的问题。在英国，不到25%的大学却拥有75%的研究资金。但同时，这些大学也是
培养博士生最多的，产生的科学著作、专利和授权收入最多的机构。可见，这种将资源集中的政策造就了
研究型和商业型相结合的优秀的大学。第六段，作者提到这些研究型高校的核心目标就是将研究成果利益
最大化。接着在第七、八两段里，讲述了这些高校能够为英国经济的复苏做些什么，即加快技术转换和研
究院教育水平。
Part V Cloze
The Truth About Plastic
By BRYAN WALSH Thursday, July 10, 2008 （Time magazine）
If you know where to find a good plastic-free shampoo, can you tell Jeanne Haegele? Last September, the
28-year-old Chicago resident 62. resolved to cut plastics out of her life. The marketing coordinator was concerned
about 63. what the chemicals coming out of some common types of plastic might be doing to her body. She was
also worried about the damage all the plastic 64. rubbish was doing to the environment. So she 65. hopped on her
bike and rode to the nearest grocery store to see what she could find that didn't 66. include plastic. "I went in and
67. barely bought anything," Haegele says. She did 68. purchase some canned food and a carton ( 纸盒) of
milk---69. only to discover later that both containers were 70. lined with plastic resin(树脂). "Plastic," she says,
"just seemed like it was in everything."
She's right. Back in the 1960s, plastic was well 71. on its way to becoming a staple of American life. The U.S.
produced 28 million tons of plastic waste in 2005--27 million tons of which 72. ended up in landfills. Our food
and water come 73. wrapped in plastic. It's used in our phones and our computers, the cars we drive and the planes
we ride in. But the 74. infinitely adaptable substance has its dark side. Environmentalists fret about the petroleum
needed to make it. Parents worry about the possibility of 75.toxic chemicals making their way from 76. household
plastic into children's bloodstreams. Which means Haegele isn't the only person trying to cut plastic out of her
life--she isn't 77. even the only one blogging about this kind of 78. endeavor. But those who've tried know it's 79.
far from easy to go plastic-free. "These things seem to be so common 80. that it is practically impossible to avoid
coming into 81. contact with them," says Frederick vom Saal, a biologist at the University of Missouri.
62:resolved
63:what
64: rubbish
65:hopped
66:include
67:barely
68:purchase
69:only
70:lined
71:on
72:ended up
73:wrapped

----- PAGE 12 -----
全国英语六级历年真题
12 / 13
74:infinitely
75:toxic
76:household
77:even
78:endeavor
79:far
80:that
81:contact
本文摘自2008 年《美国时代周刊》7 月10 日科技版，标题为The Truth About Plastic，由环保主义者Jeanne
Haegele 如何在生活中发现无塑料制品的举动引申到对塑料制品的思考。
62. 介词搭配题。第一段开头提出问题：如果你知道哪儿能找到一种非塑料包装的洗发液，你能告诉Jeanne
Haegele 吗？接着引出去年9 月，这位28 岁的芝加哥居民决心不在日常生活中使用塑料制品。resolve to do
sth. 决定做某事,recover 和from 搭配，重新获得…;remove… form 移开，免除…; retreat 撤退，退却，均
不符合题意。
63. 本题缺少一个连接词构成介词+宾语形式，根据句意判断，这里是常见塑料制品化学物质对可能会对人
体产生的影响，应用what。
64. 该题比较简单，根据上下文不难推断，这里是指塑料垃圾也会对环境产生危害。
65. 这里考查固定搭配。hop on 跳上…。
66. 根据前文，她跳上自行车去百货商店寻找不含塑料的商品。consist of sth.组成…; induce 诱导，引起；
compose 构成，组成，与要表达的意义相反。
67. 根据文章和常识可推断出，不含塑料成分的商品很少，因此她几乎买不到不含塑料的制品。此外，句
末的anything 也提示前面要用一个否定含义的词语，因此选barely。
68. 和上句的bought 对应，这里应该填purchase，“她没买到…，她确实买到了….”;pursue 继续，从事，
追赶；preserve 保存，保护，维护；prescribe 开药方。
69. 考查only to 结构。她买到了罐装的食品和盒装牛奶，却发现外包装也是含有塑料树脂的。only to 结果
是，不料竟会，表转折。
70. 考查短语意义。be lined with 给某物安衬里；做内衬；这里指罐装食品和盒装牛奶的包装内层是塑料树
脂。
71. 考查固定搭配。on one’s way to…在…的途中。
72. 考查固定短语意义。end up in 以…告终；以…结束，尤指经历了一长段路程或过程。这里指垃圾2700
万垃圾都被填埋在垃圾填埋场里。
73. 词义辨析。这里举例说明20 世纪60 年代，塑料制品在美国人的日常生活中屡见不鲜，食品和水都采
用塑料包装。wrap 包，缠绕；adopt 采取，接受；adapt 使适应，改变；trap 诱捕，使陷入困境。
74. 根据上下文意义，这里需要填写一个说明塑料制品的性质的副词。依次代入各选项，infinitely 是可无
限再利用，符合题意。
75. 跟上题一样，这里需要填入形容词说明塑料制品的性质。父母们担忧塑料制品有毒性，因此选toxic。
76. 本题有一定难度，词义辨析。家长们担忧塑料制品有毒，会从家庭用品进入孩子们的血液循环，household
比family 更地道合适。
77. 考查考生对上下文关系的理解。这里说Haegele 不是唯一一个摈弃塑料制品的人，后半句递进，说明
她甚至不是第一个写博客记录这种努力的人。
78. 根据上题的阐释，Haegele 的行为只是一种努力，不是出于勤奋，也不是娱乐，也并没有取得一定的成
就。因此选endeavor。
79. 考查固定搭配。根据全文意义可推断，塑料制品在我们的生活中如此普遍，要做到不使用塑料制品绝
非易事，far from… 远非…。

----- PAGE 13 -----
全国英语六级历年真题
13 / 13
80. 考查so…that 固定搭配。本题为送分题，不做过多解释。
81. 考查固定短语搭配。come into contact with 接触到。
总之，今年六级的完型填空，涉及4 处名词，1 处介词，7 处动词，1 处形容词和5 处连词,2 个副词。有一
定难度，第76 题较难，其余部分只要在句子内部或者句子之间进行上下文逻辑比对或语法搭配，即可完
成。词义辨析和短语搭配考查较多，因此，考生要特别注意六词汇的积累、掌握和运用。
Part VI
Translation
1. You shouldn't have run across the road without looking, you would have been knocked down by a car. (也许会
被车撞到)
解析：本题考察虚拟语气。句子是与过去事实相反，因此用would have +过去分词，表虚拟语气。
2 By no means does he regarded himself as an expert, (他把自己当成专家)although he knows a lot about the
field.
解析：本题考察倒装和词组regard sb. as sth.(把…当作…)。介词短语by no means 置于句首，构成部分倒
装，因此把助动词does 提前。
3 He doesn't appreciate the sacrifice his friends have made for him, however, he takes it for granted.(把他们所做
的视作理所应当)
解析：本题考察词组take sth. for granted (把…当作理所当然)。同时，考生要注意句子后半句前是一个逗号，
要加上一个连词and 或者加上however。
4 Janet told me that she would rather her mother not have interfered with her marriage.(不干涉她的婚姻)
解析：本题考察would rather have done sth, 表示过去事件，句子中told 提示是过去发生的事，因此用would
have interfered with。
5 To keep up with the expanding frontiers of scholarship. Edward Wilson found himself always searching for
information on the internet. （经常上网查信息）
解析：本题考察了感官动词find+宾语+现在分词（作宾补），现在分词表主动。因此这里用searching。
