
----- PAGE 1 -----
1
2021 年12 月大学英语六级考试真题（第一套）
Part
I
Writing
(30 minutes)
（请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分,之后将进行听力考试）
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay related to the
short passage given below. In your essay, you are to comment on the
phenomenon described in the passage and suggest measures to address
the issue. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200
words.
Nowadays star chasing is prevalent among many teenagers. They take
pop stars as their idols, imitating their way of talking, following their
style of dressing, and seeking every chance to meet them in person at
great expenses.
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions
will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you musts choose the best answer
from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A)It has given rise to much controversy.
B) It has been very favorably received.
C)It was primarily written for vegetarians.
D) It offends many environmentalists.
2. A) She neglects people’s efforts in animal protection.
B) She tries to force people to accept her radical ideas.
C) She ignores the various benefits of public transport.
D) She insists vegetarians are harming the environment.
3. A)They are significant.
B) They are revolutionary.
C) They are rational.
D) They are modest.

----- PAGE 2 -----
2
4. A)It would help to protect the environment.
B)It would generate money for public health.
C)It would need support from the general public.
D)It would force poor people to change their diet.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Where successful people’s strengths come from.
B) Why many people fight so hard for success.
C) How she achieved her life’s goal.
D) What makes people successful.
6. A)Having someone who has confidence in them.
B) Having someone who is ready to help them.
C)Having a firm belief in their own ability.
D) Having a realistic attitude towards life.
7. A)They adjust their goals accordingly.
B) They try hard to appear optimistic.
C) They stay positive.
D) They remain calm.
8.A)An understanding leadership.
B)A nurturing environment.
C) Mutual respect among colleagues.
D) Highly cooperative teammates.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage,
you will hear four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only
once. After you hear a question, you musts choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A)They use their sense of hearing to capture their prey.
B) Their food mainly consists of small animals and fish.
C) They have big eyes and distinctive visual centers.
D) Their ancestor is different from that of micro bats.
10. A) With the help of moonlight.
B) By means of echo location.

----- PAGE 3 -----
3
C) With the aid of daylight vision.
D) By means of vision and smell.
11. A) To make up for their natural absence of vision.
B) To adapt themselves to a particular lifestyle.
C) To facilitate their travel over long distances.
D) To survive in the ever-changing weather.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) They acquire knowledge not found in books.
B) They learn how to interact with their peers.
C) They become more emotionally aggressive.
D) They get much better prepared for school.
13. A) They are far from emotionally prepared.
B) They tend to be more attracted by images.
C) They can’t follow the conflicts in the show.
D) They lack the cognitive and memory skills.
14. A) Choose appropriate programs for their children.
B) Help their children understand the program’s plot.
C) Outline the program’s plot for their children first.
D) Monitor their children’s watching of TV programs.
15. A) Explain its message to their children.
B) Check if their children have enjoyed it.
C) Encourage their children to retell the story.
D) Ask their children to describe its characters.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed
by three or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a
question, you musts choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They are afraid of injuring their feet.
B) They have never developed the habit.
C) They believe a little dirt harms no one.
D) They find it rather troublesome to do so.

----- PAGE 4 -----
4
17. A) Different types of bacteria existed on public-toilet floors.
B) There were more bacteria on sidewalks than in the home.
C) Office carpets collected more bacteria than elsewhere.
D)A large number of bacteria collected on a single shoe.
18. A) The chemicals on shoes can deteriorate air quality.
B) Shoes can upset family members with their noise.
C) The marks left by shoes are hard to erase.
D) Shoes can leave scratches on the floor.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It is sinfu
l and immoral.
B) It is deemed uncivilized.
C) It is an uncontrollable behavior.
D) It is a violation of faith and trust.
20.A)Assess their consequences.
B) Guard against their harm.
C) Accept them as normal.
D) Find out their causes.
21. A) Try to understand what messages they convey.
B) Pay attention to their possible consequences.
C) Consider them from different perspectives.
D) Make sure they are brought under control.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Cultivation of new varieties of crops.
B) Measures to cope with climate change.
C) Development of more effective pesticides.
D) Application of more nitrogen-rich fertilizers.
23: A) The expansion of farmland in developing countries.
B) The research on crop rotation in developing countries.
C) The cooperation of the world’s agricultural scientists.
D) The improvement of agricultural infrastructure.
24. A) For encouraging farmers to embrace new farming techniques.
B)For aligning their research with advances in farming technology.
C) For turning their focus to the needs of farmers in poorer countries.
D) For cooperating closely with policymakers in developing countries.

----- PAGE 5 -----
5
25. A) Rapid transition to become a food exporter.
B)Substantial funding in agricultural research
C)Quick rise to become a leading grain producer.
D)Assumption of humanitarian responsibilities.
Part III
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to
select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following
the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each
choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use
any of the words in the bank more than once.
According to psychologist Sharon Draper, our clothing choices can absolutely
affect our wellbeing. When we. wear ill-fitting clothes, or feel over- or under-dressed
for an event, it’s natural to feel self-conscious or even stressed. Conversely, she says,
opting for clothes that fit well and _
26
with your sense of style can improve
your confidence.
But can you improve your health through your
27
clothing, without having
to dash out and buy a whole new
28
? “Absolutely,” says Draper. If your goal is
to improve your thinking, she recommends picking clothes that fit well and are
unlikely to encourage restlessness, so, avoid bows, ties and unnecessary
29
. It
also helps to opt for clothes you
30
as tying in with your goals, so, if you want
to perform better at work, select pieces you view as professional. Draper says this fits
in with the concept of behavioral activation, whereby
31
in a behavior (in this
case, selecting clothes) can set you on the path to then achieving your goals (working
harder).
Another way to improve your
32
of mind is to mix things up. Draper says
we often feel stuck in a rut (常规) if we wear the same clothes - even if they’re our
favorites - thus oping for an item you don’t wear often, or adding something different
to an outfit, such as a hat, can
33
shit your mood. On days when you’re really
34
to brave the world, Draper suggests selecting sentimental items of clothing,
such as ones you wore on a special day, or given to you by a loved one, as clothes
with
35
associations can help you tap into constructive emotions.
A)accessories
B) align
C) concurrently
D)current
E) engaging
F) fond
G) frame
H) locations
I) perceive

----- PAGE 6 -----
6
J) positively
K) profile
L) prospering
M) reluctant
N) showcase
O) wardrobe
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements
attached to it. Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs.
Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a
paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Why facts don’t change our minds
[A]The economist J.K. Galbraith once wrote, “Faced with a choice between changing
one’s mind and proving there is no need to do so, almost everyone gets busy with the
proof.”
[B]Leo Tolstoy was even bolder. “The most difficult subjects can be explained to the
most slow-witted man if he has not formed any idea of them already; but the simplest
thing cannot be made clear to the most intelligent man if he is firmly persuaded that
he knows already, without a shadow of doubt, what is laid before him.”
[C] What’s going on here? Why don’t facts change our minds? And why would
someone continue to believe a false or inaccurate idea anyway? How do such
behaviors serve us? Humans need a reasonably accurate view of the world in order to
survive. If your model of reality is wildly different from the actual world, then you
struggle to take effective actions each day. However, truth and accuracy are not the
only things that matter to the human mind. Humans also seem to have a deep desire to
belong.
[D] In Atomic Habits, I wrote, “Humans are herd animals. We want to fit in, to bond
with others, and to earn the respect and approval of our peers. Such inclinations are
essential to our survival. For most of our evolutionary history, our ancestors lived in
tribes. Becoming separated from the tribe—or worse, being cast out—was a death
sentence.”
[E]Understanding the truth of a situation is important, but so is remaining part of a
tribe. While these two desires often work well together, they occasionally come into
conflict.In many circumstances, social connection is actually more helpful to your
daily life than understanding the truth of a particular fact or idea. The Harvard
psychologist Steven Pinker put it this way, “ People are embraced or condemned
according to their beliefs, so one function of the mind may be to hold beliefs that
bring the belief-holder the greatest number of allies, protectors, or disciples (信徒),
rather than beliefs that are most likely to be true.”
[F]We don’t always believe things because they are correct. Sometimes we believe
things because they make us look good to the people we care about. I thought Kevin

----- PAGE 7 -----
7
Simler put it well when he wrote, “If a brain anticipates that it will be rewarded for
adopting a particular belief, it’s perfectly happy to do so, and doesn’t much care
where the reward comes from—whether it’s pragmatic(实用主义的)(better outcomes
resulting from better decisions), social (better treatment from one’s peers), or some
mix of the two.”
[G]False beliefs can be useful in a social sense even if they are not useful in a factual
sense. For lack of a better phrase, we might call this approach “factually false, but
socially accurate.” When we have to choose between the two, people often select
friends and family over facts. This insight not only explains why we might hold our
tongue at a dinner party or look the other way when our parents say something
offensive, but also reveals a better way to change the minds of others.
[H]Convincing someone to change their mind is really the process of convincing them
to change their tribe. If they abandon their beliefs, they run the risk of losing social
ties. You can’t expect someone to change their mind if you take away their
community too. You have to give them somewhere to go. Nobody wants their
worldview torn apart if loneliness is the outcome.
[I]The way to change people’s minds is to become friends with them, to integrate
them into your tribe, to bring them into your circle. Now, they can change their beliefs
without the risk of being abandoned socially.
[J]Perhaps it is not difference, but distance, that breeds tribalism and hostility. As
proximity increases, so does understanding. I am reminded of Abraham Lincoln’s
quote,“I don’t like that man. I must get to know him better.”
[K]Facts don’t change our minds. Friendship does. Years ago, Ben Casnocha
mentioned an idea to me that I haven’t been able to shake: The people who are most
likely to change our minds are the ones we agree with on 98 percent of topics. If
someone you know, like, and trust believes a radical idea, you are more likely to give
it merit, weight, or consideration. You already agree with them in most areas of life.
Maybe you should change your mind on this one too. But if someone wildly different
than you proposes the same radical idea, well, it’s easy to dismiss them as nuts.
[L]One way to visualize this distinction is by mapping belies on a spectrum. If you
divide this spectrum into 10 units and you find yourself at Position 7, then there is
little sense in trying to convince someone at Position 1. The gap is too wide. When
you’re at Position 7, your time is better spent connecting with people who are at
Positions 6 and 8, gradually pulling them in your direction.
[M] The most heated arguments often occur between people on opposite ends of the
spectrum, but the most frequent learning occurs from people who are nearby. The
closer you are to someone, the more likely it becomes that the one or two beliefs you
don’t share will bleed over into your own mind and shape your thinking. The further
away an idea is from your current position, the more likely you are to reject it outright.
When it comes to changing people’s minds, it is very difficult to jump from one side
to another. You can’t jump down the spectrum. You have to slide down it.
[N]Any idea that is sufficiently different from your current worldview will feel
threatening. And the best place to ponder a threatening idea is in a non-threatening
environment. As a result, books are often a better vehicle, for transforming beliefs

----- PAGE 8 -----
8
than conversations or debates. In conversation, people have to carefully consider their
status and appearance. They want to save face and avoid looking stupid. When
confronted with an uncomfortable set of facts, the tendency is often to double down
on their current position rather than publicly admit to being wrong. Books resolve this
tension. With a book, the conversation takes place inside someone’s head and without
the risk of being judged by others, It’s easier to be open-minded when you aren’t
feeling defensive.
[O] There is another reason bad ideas continue to live on, which is that people
continue to talk about them. Silence is death for any idea. An idea that is never spoken
or written down dies with the person who conceived it. Ideas can only be remembered
when they are repeated. They can only be believed when they are repeated, I have
already pointed out that people repeat ideas to signal they are part of the same social
group. But here’s a crucial point most people miss: People also repeat bad ideas when
they complain about them. Before you can criticize an idea, you have to reference that
idea. You end up repeating the ideas you’re hoping people will forget—but，of course,
people can’t forget them because you keep talking about them. The more you repeat a
bad idea, the more likely people are to believe it.
[P] Let’s call this phenomenon Clear’s Law of Recurrence: The number of people
who believe an idea is directly proportional to the number of times it has been
repeated during the last year—even if the idea is false.
36. According to the author, humans can hardly survive if separated from their
community.
37. People often accept false beliefs because they prioritize social bonds rather than
facts.
38. Most often people learn from those close to them.
39. Sometimes people adopt certain beliefs in order to leave a favorable impression on
those dear to them.
40. Compared with face-to-face communication, books often provide a better medium
for changing people’s beliefs.
41. On many occasions in daily life, people benefit more from their social bonds than
from knowing the truth.
42. If you want to change somebody’s beliefs, you should first establish social
connection with them.
43. Humans cannot survive without a fair knowledge of the actual world.
44.Repetition of bad ideas increases their chances of being accepted.
45.Nobody is willing to give up their beliefs at the risk of getting isolated.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some
questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A),
B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding
letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One

----- PAGE 9 -----
9
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The subject of automation and its role in our economy has taken hold in
American public discourse. Technology broadly and automation specifically are
dramatically reshaping the way we work. And we need to have a plan for what’s still
to come.
We don’t have to look further than our own communities to see the devastating
impact of automation. From automated warehouses to cashierless grocery stores to
neighborhood libraries that offer self-checkout lanes instead of employing real
people—automation is increasingly replacing jobs and leaving too few good new
jobs behind.
The statistics in manufacturing are staggering. Despite the widespread fears
about trade, a recent report showed that just 13 percent of jobs lost in manufacturing
are due to trade—the rest of the losses have been due to advances in technology.
That is why more people are criticizing the ever-increasing role of technology
in our economy. Our country is manufacturing more than ever before, but we are
doing it with fewer workers. However it’s not just factories that are seeing
losses-software and information technology are also having a dramatic impact on
jobs most people think are secure from the forces of a rapidly-changing economy.
Something transformative is happening in America that is having an adverse effect
on American families. Whether policymakers and politicians admit it or not, workers
have made clear their feelings. about their economic insecurity and desire to keep
good jobs in America.
So why are people so insistent on ignoring the perils of automation? They are
failing to look ahead at a time when planning for the future is more important than
ever. Resisting automation is futile: it is as inevitable as industrialization was before
it. I sincerely hope that those who assert that automation will make us more effective
and pave the way for new occupations are right, but the reality of automation’s
detrimental effects on workers makes me skeptical. No one can currently say where
the new jobs are coming from or when, and any sensible company or country should
prepare for all alternatives.
I’m not overstating the danger: look at what’s happened to the labor force.
According to economic research, one in six working-age men, 25-54, doesn’t have a
job. Fifty years ago, nearly 100 percent of men that age were working. Women’s labor
force participation, meanwhile, has slipped back to the level it was at in the late
1980s.
American families and prominent business leaders are aware that there’s a big
problem with automation. The value of a college degree is diminishing, and our
upward mobility is declining. If we want an economy that allows everyone to be
economically secure, we need to start thinking about how we can rightfully address

----- PAGE 10 -----
10
automation.
46. What can we observe from the author's description of our communities?
A)The growing passion for automation.
B) The shift from manual jobs to IT ones.
C) Their changing views on employment.
D) Their fading employment opportunities.
47. What do we learn from a recent report?
A) The manufacturing sector is declining at a fast rate.
B) The concerns about the effect of trade are exaggerated.
C) The fears about trade have been spreading far and wide.
D)The impact of trade on employment has been staggering.
48.What does the passage tell us about American workers in an era of transformation?
A)They feel ignored by politicians.
B) They feel increasingly vulnerable.
C) They keep adapting to the changes.
D)They keep complaining but to no avail.
49.What does the author think of automation?
A)It will have the same impact as industrialization.
B)It provides sensible companies with alternatives.
C)Its alleged positive effects are doubtful.
D)Its detrimental effects are unavoidable.
50. What should we attach importance to when dealing with automation?
A)College graduates’ job prospects.
B) Women’s access to employment.
C)People’s economic security.
D) People’s social mobility
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Look at the people around you. Some are passive, others more aggressive. Some
work best alone, others crave companionship. We easily recognize that there is great
variation among the individuals who live near us. Yet, when we speak of people from
elsewhere, we seem to inevitably characterize them based on their country of origin.
Statistics specialists, when they speak of national averages, often make the same
mistake.
Newly published research shows how erroneous such overviews are. Three
researchers analyzed decades of values-based surveys and found that only between
16% and 21% of the variation in cultural values could be explained by differences

----- PAGE 11 -----
11
between countries. In other words, the vast majority of what makes us culturally
distinct from one another has nothing to do with our homeland.
To determine what factors really are associated with culture, the authors
combined data from 558 prior surveys that each measured one more of Hofstede’s
cultural dimensions. These are traits, such as individualism and masculinity, that
describe work-related cultural values. (They are not a measure of visible cultural traits,
such as food or dress.) Though the validity of Hofstede’s dimensions has been
questioned, they have the singular benefit of having been in use for decades, which
allows for historical and international comparisons.
The researchers found that both demographic factors, such as age, and
environmental factors, such as long-term unemployment rates, were more correlated
with cultural values than nationality. Occupation and social economic status were the
most strongly correlated, suggesting that our values are more economically driven
than we usually give them credit for.
The evidence implies that people with similar jobs and incomes are more
culturally alike, regardless of where they live. Vas Taras, the lead author of the study,
puts it this way:“Tell me how much you make and I will make a pretty accurate
prediction about your cultural values. Tell me what your nationality is and I probably
will make a wrong prediction.”
Taras says our erroneous belief that countries are cultures has caused businesses
to teach their employees useless or even harmful ways of interacting with their
international peers. Chinese and American lawyers might be trained to interact based
on the assumption that the Chinese person is less individualistic, even though their
similar social economic situations make it probable they are actually quite alike in
that regard.
The country, as the unit of authority, is often a convenient way of generalizing
about a population. However, our focus on countries can mask broad variations within
them. In the majority of cases we would be better off identifying people by the factors
that constrain their lives, like income, rather than by the lines surrounding them on a
map.
51. What error do experts often make when describing people from other places?
A)They tend to overly rely on nationality.
B) They often exaggerate their differences.
C) They often misunderstand their cultures.
D) They end to dwell on national averages.
52. What do we learn about Hofstede’s cultural dimensions?
A)They are useful in comparing cultural values across time and space.
B)They have brought unusual benefits to people of different cultures.
C)They are widely used to identify people’s individual traits.
D)They provide valuable questions for researchers to study.
53.What did researchers find about previous studies on factors determining people’s

----- PAGE 12 -----
12
value?
A) Environmental factors were prioritized over other factors.
B)An individual’s financial status was often underestimated.
C)Too much emphasis had been placed on one’s occupation.
D)The impact of social progress on one’s values was ignored.
54. What is the impact on employees when cultures are identified with countries?
A)They may fail to see the cultural biases of their business partners.
B)They may fail to attach sufficient importance to cultural diversity.
C)They may not be taught how to properly interact with overseas partners.
D) They may not be able to learn the legal procedures for business transactions.
55. What does the author suggest at the end of the passage?
A)There is sufficient reason to generalize about a country’s population.
B) The majority of people are still constrained by their national identity.
C)It is arguable that the country should be regarded as the unit of authority.
D)Nationality is less useful than socio-economic status as an indicator of one’s values.
Part Ⅳ
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
中国共产党第一次全国代表大会会址位于上海兴业路76 号，是一栋典型的
上海式住宅，建于1920 年秋。1921 年7 月23 日，中国共产党第一次全国代表
大会在此召开，大会通过了中国共产党的第一个纲领和第一个决议，选举产生了
中央领导机构，宣告了中国共产党的诞生。1952 年9 月，中共一大会址修复，
建立纪念馆并对外开放。纪念馆除了介绍参加一大的代表之外，还介绍党的历史
发展进程，现已成为了解党史、缅怀革命先烈的爱国主义教育基地。
