
----- PAGE 1 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2020年9 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 . 请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 . 请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 . 请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 . 选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 . 未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 . 未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 2 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation,
you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken
only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A) , B) , C) and D) . Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er
S h eet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) She can devote all her life to pursuing her passion.
B) Her accumulated expertise helps her to achieve her goals.
C) She can spread her academic ideas on a weekly TV show.
D) Her research findings are widely acclaimed in the world.
2. A) Provision of guidance fbr nuclear labs in Europe.
B) Touring the globe to attend science TV shows.
C) Overseeing two research groups at Oxford.
D) Science education and scientific research.
3. A) A better understanding of a subject.
B) A stronger will to meet challenges.
C) A broader knowledge of related fields.
D) A closer relationship with young people.
4. A) By applying the latest research methods.
B) By making full use of the existing data.
C) By building upon previous discoveries.
D) By utilizing more powerful computers.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They can predict future events.
B) They have no special meanings.
6. A) It was canceled due to bad weather.
B) She overslept and missed the flight.
C) They have cultural connotations.
D) They cannot be easily explained.
C) She dreamed of a plane crash.
D) It was postponed to the following day.
7. A) They can be affected by people's childhood experiences.
B) They may sometimes seem ridiculous to a rational mind.
C) They usually result from people's unpleasant memories.
D) They can have an impact as great as rational thinking.
6 • 1

----- PAGE 3 -----
8. A) They call for scientific methods to interpret.
B) They mirror their long-cherished wishes.
C) They reflect their complicated emotions.
D) They are often related to irrational feelings.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three
or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ) , B ),
C) and O). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Radio waves. 
C) Robots.
B) Sound waves. 
D) Satellites.
10. 
A) It may be freezing fast beneath the glacier.
B) It may have micro-organisms living in it.
C) It may have certain rare minerals in it.
D) It may be as deep as four kilometers.
11. 
A) Help understand life in freezing conditions.
B) Help find new sources of fresh water.
C) Provide information about other planets.
D) Shed light on possible life in outer space.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. 
A) He found there had been little research on their language.
B) He was trying to preserve the languages of the Indian tribes.
C ) His contact with a social worker had greatly aroused his interest in the tribe.
D) His meeting with Gonzalez had made him eager to learn more about the tribe.
13. 
A) He taught Copeland to speak the Tarahumaras language.
B) He persuaded the Tarahumaras to accept Copeland's gifts.
C) He recommended one of his best friends as an interpreter.
D) He acted as an intermediary between Copeland and the villagers.
14. 
A) Unpredictable. 
C) Laborious.
B) Unjustifiable. 
D) Tedious.
6 ・ 2

----- PAGE 4 -----
15. A) Their appreciation of help from the outsiders.
B) Their sense of sharing and caring.
C ) Their readiness to adapt to technology.
D) Their belief in creating wealth for themselves.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or
four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then
mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They tend to be silenced into submission.
B) They find it hard to defend themselves.
C) They will feel proud of being pioneers.
D) They will feel somewhat encouraged.
17. A) One who advocates violence in effecting change.
B) One who craves fbr relentless transformations.
C) One who acts in the interests of the oppressed.
D) One who rebels against the existing social order.
18. A) They tried to effect social change by force.
B) They disrupted the nation's social stability.
C) They served as a driving force fbr progress.
D) They did more harm than good to humanity.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Few of us can ignore changes in our immediate environment.
B) It is impossible fbr us to be immune from outside influence.
C) Few of us can remain unaware of what happens around us.
D) It is important fbr us to keep in touch with our own world.
20. A) Make up his mind to start all over again.
B) Stop making unfair judgments of others.
C) Try to find a more exciting job somewhere else.
D) Recognise the negative impact of his coworkers.
6 , 3

----- PAGE 5 -----
21. A) They are quite susceptible to suicide.
B) They improve people's quality of life.
C) They suffer a great deal from ill health.
D) They help people solve mental problems.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Few people can identify its texture.
B) Few people can describe it precisely.
23. A) It has never seen any change.
B) It has much to do with color.
24. A) People had little faith in paper money.
B) They could last longer in circulation.
25. A) The stabilization of the dollar value.
B) The issuing of government securities.
C) Its real value is open to interpretation.
D) Its importance is often over-estimated.
C) It is a well-protected government secret.
D) It is a subject of study by many forgers.
C) It predicted their value would increase.
D) They were more difficult to counterfeit.
C) A gold standard fbr American currency.
D) A steady appreciation of the U.S. dollar.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from, a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Overall, men are more likely than women to make excuses. Several studies suggest that men feel
the need to appear competent in all 
26 
, while women worry only about the skills in which
they've invested 
27 
. Ask a man and a woman to go diving for the first time, and the woman is
likely to jump in, while the man is likely to say he's not feeling too well.
Ironically, it is often success that leads people to flirt with failure. Praise won fbr 
28 
a skill
suddenly puts one in the position of having everything to lose. Rather than putting their reputation on
the line again, many successful people develop a handicap- drinking, 
29 
, depression- that
allows them to keep their status no matter what the future brings. An advertising executive 
30
fbr depression shortly after winning an award put it this way: " Without my depression, Fd be a
failure now; with it, I'm a success ' on hold.' "
In fact, the people most likely to become chronic excuse makers are those 
31 
with success.
Such people are so afraid of being 
32 
a failure at anything that they constantly develop one
6 , 4

----- PAGE 6 -----
handicap or another in order to explain away failure.
Though self-handicapping can be an effective way of coping with performance anxiety now and
then, in the end, researchers say, it will lead to 
33 
In the long run, excuse makers fail to live up
to their true 
34 
and lose the status they care so much about. And despite their protests to the
35 
, they have only themselves to blame.
A)
contrary
I)
momentum
B)
fatigue
J)
obsessed
C)
heavily
K)
potential
D)
heaving
L)
realms
E)
hospitalized
M) reciprocal
F)
labeled
N)
ruin
G)
legacies
0)
viciously
H)
mastering
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the
paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more
than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking
the corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Six Potential Brain Benefits of Bilingual Education
A) Brains, brains, brains. People are fascinated by brain research. And yet it can be hard to point to
places where our education system is really making use of the latest neuroscience ( )申经科学)
findings. But there is one happy link where research is meeting practice: bilingual ( 双语的)
education. " In the last 20 years or so, there's been a virtual explosion of research on
bilingualism," says Judith Kroll, a professor at the University of California, Riverside.
B) Again and again, researchers have found, u bilingualism is an experience that shapes our brain for
life," in the words of Gigi Luk, an associate professor at Harvard's Graduate School of Education.
At the same time, one of the hottest trends in public schooling is whafs often called dual-language
or two-way immersion programs.
C) Traditional programs for English-language learners, or ELLs, focus on assimilating students into
English as quickly as possible. Dual-language classrooms, by contrast, provide instruction across
subjects to both English natives and English learners, in both English and a target language. The
goal is functional bilingualism and biliteracy fbr all students by middle school. New York City,
6 ・ 5

----- PAGE 7 -----
North Carolina, Delaware, Utah, Oregon and Washington state are among the places expanding
dual-language classrooms.
D) The trend flies in the face of some of the culture wars of two decades ago, when advocates
insisted on u English first“ education. Most famously, California passed Proposition 227 in 1998.
It was intended to sharply reduce the amount of time that English-language learners spent in
bilingual settings. Proposition 58, passed by California voters on November 8, largely reversed
that decision, paving the way fbr a huge expansion of bilingual education in the state that has the
largest population of English-language learners.
E) Some of the insistence on English-first was founded on research produced decades ago, in which
bilingual students underperformed monolingual ( 单语的) English speakers and had lower IQ
scores. Today's scholars, like Ellen Bialystok at York University in Toronto, say that research was
u deeply flawed." u Earlier research looked at socially disadvantaged groups," agrees Antonella
Sorace at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. " This has been completely contradicted by
recent research,, that compares groups more similar to each other.
F) So what does recent research say about the potential benefits of bilingual education? It turns out
that, in many ways, the real trick to speaking two languages consists in managing not to speak one
of those languages at a given moment -  which is fundamentally a feat of paying attention.
Saying “Goodbye“ to mom and then u Guten tag" to your teacher, or managing to ask fbr a
crayola roja instead of a red crayon (蜡笔)，requires skills called 11 inhibition" and " task
switching." These skills are subsets of an ability called executive function.
G) People who speak two languages often outperform monolinguals on general measures of executive
function. u Bilinguals can pay focused attention without being distracted and also improve in the
ability to switch from one task to another,v says Sorace.
H) Do these same advantages benefit a child who begins learning a second language in kindergarten
instead of as a baby? We don't yet know. Patterns of language learning and language use are
complex. But Gigi Luk at Harvard cites at least one brain-imaging study on adolescents that
shows similar changes in brain structure when compared with those who are bilingual from birth,
even when they didn't begin practicing a second language in earnest before late childhood.
I) Young children being raised bilingual have to follow social cues to figure out which language to
use with which person and in what setting. As a result, says Sorace, bilingual children as young as
age 3 have demonstrated a head start on tests of perspective-taking and theory of mind -  both of
which are fundamental social and emotional skills.
J) About 10 percent of students in the Portland, Oregon public schools are assigned by lottery to dual-
6 , 6

----- PAGE 8 -----
language classrooms that offer instruction in Spanish, Japanese or Mandarin, alongside English.
Jennifer Steele at American University conducted a fbur-year, randomized trial and found that
these dual-language students outperformed their peers in English-reading skills by a full school-
yeafs worth of learning by the end of middle school. Because the effects are found in reading, not
in math or science where there were few differences, Steele suggests that learning two languages
makes students more aware of how language works in general.
K) The research of Gigi Luk at Harvard offers a slightly different explanation. She has recently done
a small study looking at a group of 100 fourth-graders in Massachusetts who had similar reading
scores on a standard test, but very different language experiences. Some were foreign-language
dominant and others were English natives. Here's whafs interesting. The students who were
dominant in a foreign language weren't yet comfortably bilingual; they were just starting to learn
English. Therefore, by definition, they had a much weaker English vocabulary than the native
speakers. Yet they were just as good at interpreting a text. u This is very surprising/' Luk says.
“You would expect the reading comprehension perfbmiance to mirror the vocabulary -  ifs a
cornerstone of comprehension."
L) How did the foreign-language dominant speakers manage this feat? Well, Luk found, they also
scored higher on tests of executive functioning. So, even though they didn't have huge mental
dictionaries to draw on, they may have been great puzzle-so Ivers, taking into account higher-level
concepts such as whether a single sentence made sense within an overall story line. They got to
the same results as the monolinguals, by a different path.
M) American public school classrooms as a whole are becoming more segregated by race and class.
Dual-language programs can be an exception. Because they are composed of native English
speakers deliberately placed together with recent immigrants, they tend to be more ethnically and
economically balanced. And there is some evidence that this helps kids of all backgrounds gain
comfort with diversity and different cultures.
N) Several of the researchers also pointed out that, in bilingual education, non-English-dominant
students and their families tend to feel that their home language is heard and valued, compared
with a classroom where the home language is left at the door in favor of English. This can
improve students5 sense of belonging and increase parents7 involvement in their children's
education, including behaviors like reading to children. u Many parents fear their language is an
obstacle, a problem, and if they abandon it their child will integrate better,“ says Antonella Sorace
of the University of Edinburgh. u We tell them they're not doing their child a favor by giving up
their language."
O) One theme that was striking in speaking to all these researchers was just how strongly they
advocated for dual-language classrooms. Thomas and Collier have advised many school systems
6 ・ 7

----- PAGE 9 -----
on how to expand their dual-language programs, and Sorace runs “ Bilingualism Matters," an
international network of researchers who promote bilingual education projects. This type of
advocacy among scientists is unusual; even more so because the u bilingual advantage hypothesis"
is being challenged once again.
P) A review of studies published last year found that cognitive advantages failed to appear in 83
percent of published studies, though in a separate analysis, the sum of effects was still significantly
positive. One potential explanation offered by the researchers is that advantages that are
measurable in the very young and very old tend to fade when testing young adults at the peak of
their cognitive powers. And, they countered that no negative effects of bilingual education have
been found. So, even if the advantages are small, they are still worth it. Not to mention one
obvious, outstanding fact: u Bilingual children can speak two languages!"
36. A study found that there are similar changes in brain structure between those who are bilingual
from birth and those who start learning a second language later.
37. Unlike traditional monolingual programs, bilingual classrooms aim at developing students7 ability
to use two languages by middle school.
38. A study showed that dual-language students did significantly better than their peers in reading
English texts.
39. About twenty years ago, bilingual practice was strongly discouraged, especially in California.
40. Ethnically and economically balanced bilingual classrooms are found to be helpful for kids to get
used to social and cultural diversity.
41. Researchers now claim that earlier research on bilingual education was seriously flawed.
42. According to a researcher, dual-language experiences exert a lifelong influence on one's brain.
43. Advocates of bilingual education argued that it produces positive effects though they may be
limited.
44. Bilingual speakers often do better than monolinguals in completing certain tasks because they can
concentrate better on what they are doing.
45. When their native language is used, parents can become more involved in their children's
education.
6 ・ 8

----- PAGE 10 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C ) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
It is not controversial to say that an unhealthy diet causes bad health. Nor are the basic elements
of healthy eating disputed. Obesity raises susceptibility to cancer, and Britain is the sixth most obese
country on Earth. That is a public health emergency. But naming the problem is the easy part. No one
disputes the costs in quality of life and depleted health budgets of an obese population, but the quest for
solutions gets diverted by ideological arguments around responsibility and choice. And the water is
muddied by lobbying from the industries that profit from consumption of obesity-inducing products.
Historical precedent suggests that science and politics can overcome resistance from businesses
that pollute and poison but it takes time, and success often starts small. So it is heartening to note that
a programme in Leeds has achieved a reduction in childhood obesity, becoming the first UK city to
reverse a fattening trend. The best results were among younger children and in more deprived areas.
When 28% of English children aged two to 15 are obese, a national shift on the scale achieved by
Leeds would lengthen hundreds of thousands of lives. A significant factor in the Leeds experience appears
to be a scheme called HENRY, which helps parents reward behaviours that prevent obesity in children.
Many members of parliament are uncomfortable even with their own governments anti-obesity
strategy, since it involves a u sugar tax“ and a ban on the sale of energy drinks to under-16s. Bans
and taxes can be blunt instruments, but their harshest critics can rarely suggest better methods. These
critics just oppose regulation itself.
The relationship between poor health and inequality is too pronounced for governments to be
passive about large-scale intervention. People living in the most deprived areas are four times more
prone to die from avoidable causes than counterparts in more affluent places. As the structural nature
of public health problems becomes harder to ignore, the complaint about overprotective government
loses potency.
In fact, the polarised debate over public health interventions should have been abandoned long
ago. Government action works when individuals are motivated to respond. Individuals need
governments that expand access to good choices. The HENRY programme was delivered in part
through children's centres. Closing such centres and cutting council budgets doesn't magically increase
reserves of individual self-reliance. The function of a well-designed state intervention is not to deprive
people of liberty but to build social capacity and infrastructure that helps people take responsibility fbr
their wellbeing. The obesity crisis will not have a solution devised by left or right ideology—but
experience indicates that the private sector needs the incentive of regulation before it starts taking
public health emergencies seriously.
6 ・ 9

----- PAGE 11 -----
46. Why is the obesity problem in Britain so difficult to solve?
A) Government health budgets are depleted.
B) People disagree as to who should do what.
C) Individuals are not ready to take their responsibi出ies.
D) Industry lobbying makes it hard to get healthy foods.
47. What can we learn from the past experience in tackling public health emergencies?
A) Governments have a role to play.
B) Public health is a scientific issue.
C) Priority should be given to deprived regions.
D) Businesses, responsibility should be stressed.
48. What does the author imply about some critics of bans and taxes concerning unhealthy drinks?
A) They are not aware of the consequences of obesity.
B) They have not come up with anything more constructive.
C) They are uncomfortable with parliaments anti-obesity debate.
D) They have their own motives in opposing government regulation.
49. Why does the author stress the relationship between poor health and inequality?
A) To demonstrate the dilemma of people living in deprived areas.
B) To bring to light the root cause of widespread obesity in Britain.
C) To highlight the area deserving the most attention from the public.
D) To justify government intervention in solving the obesity problem.
50. When will government action be effective?
A) When the polarised debate is abandoned.
B) When ideological differences are resolved.
C) When individuals have the incentive to act accordingly.
D) When the private sector realises the severity of the crisis.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Home to virgin reefs, rare sharks and vast numbers of exotic fish, the Coral Sea is a unique
haven of biodiversity ofF the northeastern coast of Australia. If a proposal by the Australian
government goes ahead, the region will also become the world's largest marine protected area, with
restrictions or bans on fishing, mining and marine farming.
The Coral Sea reserve would cover almost 990,000 square kilometres and stretch as far as 1,100
kilometres from the coast. Unveiled recently by environment minister Tony Burke, the proposal would
be the last in a series of proposed marine reserves around Australia's coast.
6 • 10

----- PAGE 12 -----
But the scheme is attracting criticism from scientists and conservation groups, who argue that the
government hasn't gone far enough in protecting the Coral Sea, or in other marine reserves in the
coastal network.
Hugh Possingham, director of the Centre of Excellence for Environmental Decisions at the
University of Queensland, points out that little more than half of the Coral Sea reserve is proposed as
a ' no take' area, in which all fishing would be banned. The world's largest existing marine reserve,
established last year by the British government in the Indian Ocean, spans 544,000 km2 and is a no-
take zone throughout. An alliance of campaigning conservation groups argues that more of the Coral
Sea should receive this level of protection.
“I would like to have seen more protection fbr coral reefs," says Terry Hughes, director of the
Centre of Excellence fbr Coral Reef Studies at James Cook University in Queensland. 41 More than 20
of them would be outside the no-take area and vulnerable to catch-and-release fishingn .
As Nature went to press, the Australian government had not responded to specific criticisms of
the plan. But Robin Beaman, a marine geologist at James Cook University, says that the reserve does
u broadly protect the range of habitatsv in the sea. ”[ can testify to the huge effort that government
agencies and other organisations have put into trying to understand the ecological values of this vast
area,“ he says.
Reserves proposed earlier this year for Australia's southwestern and northwestern coastal regions
have also been criticised for failing to give habitats adequate protection. In August, 173 marine
scientists signed an open letter to the government saying they were “ greatly concerned“ that the
proposals for the southwestern region had not been based on the “ core science principles" of
reserves- the protected regions were not, for instance, representative of all the habitats in the region,
they said.
Critics say that the southwestern reserve offers the greatest protection to the offshore areas where
commercial opportunities are fewest and where there is little threat to the environment, a contention
also levelled at the Coral Sea plan.
51. What do we learn from the passage about the Coral Sea?
A) It is exceptionally rich in marine life.
B) It is the biggest marine protected area.
C) It remains largely undisturbed by humans.
D) It is a unique haven of endangered species.
52. What does the Australian government plan to do according to Tony Burke?
A) Make a new proposal to protect the Coral Sea.
B) Revise its conservation plan owing to criticisms.
C) Upgrade the established reserves to protect marine life.
D) Complete the series of marine reserves around its coast.
6 ・ 11

----- PAGE 13 -----
53. What is scientists, argument about the Coral Sea proposal?
A) The government has not done enough fbr marine protection.
B) It will not improve the marine reserves along Australia's coast.
C) The government has not consulted them in drawing up the proposal.
D) It is not based on sufficient investigations into the ecological system.
54. What does marine geologist Robin Beaman say about the Coral Sea plan?
A) It can compare with the British governments effort in the Indian Ocean.
B) It will result in the establishment of the world's largest marine reserve.
C) It will ensure the sustainability of the fishing industry around the coast.
D) It is a tremendous joint effort to protect the range of marine habitats.
55. What do critics think of the Coral Sea plan?
A) It will do more harm than good to the environment.
B) It will adversely affect Australia's fishing industry.
C) It will protect regions that actually require little protection.
D) It will win little support from environmental organisations.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on A nsw er S h eet 2.
《西游记》(Journey to the West)也许是中国文学四大经典小说中最具影响力的一部，当然
也是在国外最广为人知的一部小说。这部小说描绘了著名僧侣玄奘在三个随从的陪同下穿越
中国西部地区前往印度取经(Buddhist scripture)的艰难历程。虽然故事的主题基于佛教，但这
部小说采用了大量中国民间故事和神话的素材,创造了各种栩栩如生的人物和动物形象。其中
最著名的是孙悟空,他与各种各样妖魔作斗争的故事几乎为每个中国孩子所熟知。
6 • 12

----- PAGE 14 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the saying “ Beauty of
the soul is the essential beauty. 
You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 15 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2020年9 月第2 套）
（附第3 套作文及翻译）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 .请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 . 作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 .未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 16 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
特别说明
AAA
AA
9 2020年9 月仅考一套听力，第二套听力试题与第一套一致R
V
A
v^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » 7 1
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for
each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
It was perhaps when my parents- who also happen to be my housemates- left to go travelling
fbr a couple of months recently that it 
26 
on me why I had not yet left the family home.
It wasn't that I relied on them fbr 
27 
reasons, or to keep my life in order, or to ease the
chaos of the home. These days, I rely on them for their company.
I missed coming home and talking about my day at work, and I missed being able to read their
faces and sense how their day was. I missed having unique 
28 
into tiny details that make a life.
While the conversation about young adults staying longer at home is 
29 
by talk of laziness,
of dependence, of an inability fbr young people to pull themselves together, 
30 
do we talk of the
way, in my case at least, my relationship with my parents has 
31 
strengthened the longer we
have lived together.
Over the years the power dynamic has changed and is no longer defined by one being the giver
and another, the taker. So, what does this say fbr our relationships within the family home?
According to psychologist Sabina Read, there are u some very positive possible 
32 
when
adult children share the family home", noting the u parent-child relationship may indeed strengthen
and maturev in the process.
But, she notes, a strong 
33 
doesn't simply come with time. u The many changing factors of
the relationship need to be acknowledged, rather than hoping that the mere passage of time will 
34
connect parents to their adult children. Ifs important to acknowledge that the relationship parameters
have changed to avoid falling back into 
35 
from the teen years/,
A)
bond
B)
C)
D)
E)
玲
⑴
H)
contemplated
dawned
hierarchy
insight
legislative
leverage
logistical
magically
outcomes
patterns
rarely
saturated
stereotypes
undoubtedly
\|7
H
z
x)z
D
D
K
L
M
N
o
6 ・ 1

----- PAGE 17 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2.
How Telemedicine Is Transforming Healthcare
A） After years of big promises, telemedicine is finally living up to its potential. Driven by faster
internet connections, ubiquitous （无处不在的）smartphones and changing insurance standards,
more health providers are turning to electronic communications to do their jobs- and ifs
dramatically changing the delivery of healthcare.
B） Doctors are linking up with patients by phone, email and webcam （网络摄像头）. They're also
consulting with each other electronically—sometimes to make split-second decisions on heart attacks
and strokes. Patients, meanwhile, are using new devices to relay their blood pressure, heart rate and
other vital signs to their doctors so they can manage chronic conditions at home. Telemedicine also
allows for better care in places where medical expertise is hard to come by. Five to 10 times a day,
Doctors Without Borders relays questions about tough cases from its physicians in Niger, South Sudan
and elsewhere to its network of 280 experts around the world, and back again via internet.
C） As a measure of how rapidly telemedicine is spreading, consider: More than 15 million Americans
received some kind of medical care remotely last year, according to the American Telemedicine
Association, a trade group, which expects those numbers to grow by 30% this year.
D） None of this is to say that telemedicine has found its way into all comers of medicine. A recent
survey of 500 tech-savvy（精通技术的）consumers found that 39% hadn't heard of telemedicine,
and of those who haven't used it, 42% said they preferred in-person doctor visits. In a poll of
1,500 family physicians, only 15% had used it in their practices—but 90% said they would if it
were appropriately reimbursed （9卜偿）.
E） Whafs more, for all the rapid growth, significant questions and challenges remain. Rules defining
and regulating telemedicine differ widely from state to state. Physicians groups are issuing
different guidelines about what care they consider appropriate to deliver and in what form.
F） Some critics also question whether the quality of care is keeping up with the rapid expansion of
telemedicine. And there's the question of what services physicians should be paid for: Insurance
coverage varies from health plan to health plan, and a big federal plan covers only a narrow range
of services. Telemedicine's future will depend on how- and whether- regulators, providers, payers
and patients can address these challenges. Here's a closer look at some of these issues:
G） Do patients trade quality for convenience? The fastest-growing services in telemedicine connect
consumers with clinicians they've never met fbr a phone, video or email visit—on-demand, 24/7.
Typically, these are fbr nonemergency issues such as colds, flu, ear-aches and skin rashes, and
they cost around $45, compared with approximately $100 at a doctor's office, $ 160 at an
urgent-care clinic or $750 and up at an emergency room.
6 ・ 2

----- PAGE 18 -----
H) Many health plans and employers have rushed to offer the services and promote them as a
convenient way fbr plan members to get medical care without leaving home or work. Nearly
three-quarters of large employers will offer virtual doctor visits as a benefit to employees this year,
up from 48% last year. Web companies such as Teladoc and American Well are expected to host
some 1.2 million such virtual doctor visits this year, up 20% from last year, according to the
American Telemedicine Association.
I) But critics worry that such services may be sacrificing quality fbr convenience. Consulting a
random doctor patients will never meet, they say, further fragments the health-care system, and
even minor issues such as upper respiratory (上呼吸道的)infections can't be thoroughly evaluated
by a doctor who can't listen to your heart or feel your swollen glands. In a recent study, researchers
posing as patients with skin problems sought help from 16 telemedicine sites—with unsettling
results. In 62 encounters, fewer than one-third disclosed clinicians, credential or let patients choose;
only 32% discussed potential side effects of prescribed medications. Several sites misdiagnosed
serious conditions, largely because they failed to ask basic follow-up questions, the researchers
said. u Telemedicine holds enormous promise, but these sites are just not ready fbr prime time/'
says Jack Resneck, the study5s lead author.
J) The American Telemedicine Association and other organizations have started accreditation (
)
programs to identify top-quality telemedicine sites. The American Medical Association this month
approved new ethical guidelines fbr telemedicine, calling for participating doctors to recognize the
limitations of such services and ensure that they have sufficient information to make clinical
recommendations.
K) Who pays fbr the services? While employers and health plans have been eager to cover virtual urgent-
care visits, insurers have been far less willing to pay for telemedicine when doctors use phone, email or
video to consult with existing patients about continuing issues. "It's very hard to get paid unless
you physically see the patient,n says Peter Rasmussen, medical director of distance health at the
Cleveland Clinic. Some 32 states have passed “parity” (等 同的)laws requiring private insurers to
reimburse doctors for services delivered remotely if the same service would be covered in person,
though not necessarily at the same rate or frequency. Medicare lags further behind. The federal
health plan fbr the elderly covers a small number of telemedicine services―only fbr beneficiaries
in rural areas and only when the services are received in a hospital, doctofs office or clinic.
L) Bills to expand Medicare coverage of telemedicine have bipartisan ( 两党的)support in Congress.
Opponents worry that such expansion would be costly fbr taxpayers, but advocates say it would
save money in the long run.
M) Experts say more hospitals are Hkely to invest in telemedicine systems as they move away from
fee-fbr-service payments and into managed-care-type contracts that give them a set fee to provide
care for patients and allow them to keep any savings they achieve.
N) Is the state-by-state regulatory system outdated? Historically, regulation of medicine has been left
to individual states. But some industry members contend that having 50 different sets of rules,
licensing fees and even definitions of “ medical practice “ makes less sense in the era of
telemedicine and is hampering its growth. Currently, doctors must have a valid license in the state
6 , 3

----- PAGE 19 -----
where the patient is located to provide medical care, which means virtual-visit companies can
match users only with locally licensed clinicians. It also causes administrative hassles (麻烦)fbr
world-class medical centers that attract patients from across the country. At the Mayo Clinic,
doctors who treat out-of-state patients can follow up with them via phone, email or web chats
when they return home, but they can only discuss the conditions they treated in person. u If the
patient wants to talk about a new problem, the doctor has to be licensed in that state to discuss it.
If not, the patient should talk to his primary-care physician about it,“ says Steve Ommen, who
runs Mayo's Connected Care program.
O) To date, 17 states have joined a compact that will allow a doctor licensed in one member state to
quickly obtain a license in another. While welcoming the move, some telemedicine advocates
would prefer states to automatically honor one anothefs licenses, as they do with drivers, licenses.
But states aren't likely to surrender control of medical practice, and most are considering new
regulations. This year, more than 200 telemedicine-related bills have been introduced in 42 states,
many regarding what services Medicaid will cover and whether payers should reimburse for
remote patient monitoring. "A lot of states are still trying to define telemedicine,n says Lisa
Robbin, chief advocacy officer for the Federation of State Medical Boards.
36. An overwhelming majority of family physicians are willing to use telemedicine if they are duly paid.
37. Many employers are eager to provide telemedicine service as a benefit to their employees because
of its convenience.
38. Different states have markedly different regulations for telemedicine.
39. With telemedicine, patients in regions short of professional medical service are able to receive
better medical care.
40. Unlike employers and health plans, insurers have been rather reluctant to pay fbr some
telemedicine services.
41. Some supporters of telemedicine hope states will accept each othefs medical practice licenses as valid.
42. The fastest growing area fbr telemedicine services is fbr lesser health problems.
43. As telemedicine spreads quickly, some of its opponents doubt whether its service quality can be
guaranteed.
44. The results obtained by researchers who pretended to be patients seeking help from telemedicine
providers are disturbing.
45. Some people argue that the fact that different states have different regulations concerning medical
services hinders the development of telemedicine.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in, this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A) , B) , C) and
D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
6 ・
 4

----- PAGE 20 -----
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Danielle Steel, the 71 -year-old romance novelist is notoriously productive, having published 179
books at a rate of up to seven a year. But a passing reference in a recent profile by Glamour magazine
to her 20-hour workdays prompted an outpouring of admiration.
Steel has given that 20-hour figure when describing her “exhausting“ process in the past: UI start
the book and don't leave my desk until the first draft is finished." She goes from bed, to desk, to bath, to
bed, avoiding all contact aside from phone calls with her nine children. UI don't comb my hair for weeks,“
she says. Meals are brought to her desk, where she types until her fingers swell and her nails bleed.
The business news website Quartz held Steel up as an inspiration, writing that if only we all
followed her u actually extremely liberatingn example of industrious sleeplessness, we would be quick
to see results.
Well, indeed. With research results showing the cumulative effects of sleep loss and its impact on
productivity, doubt has been voiced about the accuracy of SteeFs self-assessment. Her output may be
undeniable, but sceptics have suggested that she is guilty of erasing the role of ghostwriters (代笔人)
at worst, gross exaggeration at best.
Steel says working 20 hours a day is u pretty brutal physically.v But is it even possible? "No,"
says Maryanne Taylor of the Sleep Works. While you could work that long, the impact on
productivity would make it hardly worthwhile. If Steel was routinely sleeping fbr four hours a night,
she would be drastically underestimating the negative impact, says Alison Gardiner, founder of the
sleep improvement programme Sleepstation. u Ifs akin to being drunk."
Ifs possible that Steel is exaggerating the demands of her schedule. Self-imposed sleeplessness
has u become a bit of a status symbol”, says Taylor, a misguided measure to prove how powerful and
productive you are. Margaret Thatcher was also said to get by on four hours a night, while the 130-
hour work weeks endured by tech heads has been held up as key to their success.
That is starting to change with increased awareness of the importance of sleep fbr mental health.
u People are starting to realise that sleep should not be something that you fit in between everything
else," says Taylor.
But it is possible- if statistically extremely unlikely- that Steel could be bom a 41 short sleepern
with an unusual body clock, says sleep expert Dr. Sophie Bostock. "It's probably present in fewer
than 1% of the population."
Even if Steel does happen to be among that tiny minority, says Bostock, it's “ pretty
irresponsiblev to suggest that 20-hour days are simply a question of discipline for the rest of us.
46. What do we learn from the passage about Glamour magazine readers?
A) They are intrigued by the exotic romance in Danielle SteeFs novels.
B) They are amazed by the number of books written by Danielle Steel.
C) They are deeply impressed by Danielle SteeFs daily work schedule.
D) They are highly motivated by Danielle SteeFs unusual productivity.
47. What did the business news website Quartz say about Danielle Steel?
A) She could serve as an example of industriousness.
B) She proved we could liberate ourselves from sleep.
C) She could be an inspiration to novelists all over the world.
D) She showed we could get all our work done without sleep.
6 • 5

----- PAGE 21 -----
48. What do sceptics think of Danielle SteeFs work schedule claims?
A) They are questionable. 
C) They are irresistible.
B) They are alterable. 
D) They are verifiable.
49. What does Maryanne Taylor think of self-imposed sleeplessness?
A) It may turn out to be key to a successful career.
B) It may be practiced only by certain tech heads.
C) It may symbolise one's importance and success.
D) It may well serve as a measure of self-discipline.
50. How does Dr. Sophie Bostock look at the 20-hour daily work schedule?
A) One should not adopt it without consulting a sleep expert.
B) The general public should not be encouraged to follow it.
C) One must be duly self-disciplined to adhere to it.
D) The majority must adjust their body clock fbr it.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Organic agriculture is a relatively untapped resource for feeding the Earth's population, especially
in the face of climate change and other global challenges. Thafs the conclusion I reached in reviewing
40 years of science comparing the long-term prospects of organic and conventional farming.
The review study, Organic Agriculture in the 21st Century,n is featured as the cover story fbr
the February issue of the journal Nature Plants. It is the first to compare organic and conventional
agriculture across the main goals of sustainability identified by the National Academy of Sciences:
productivity, economics and environment.
Critics have long argued that organic agriculture is inefficient, requiring more land to yield the
same amount of food. Ifs true that organic farming produces lower yields, averaging 10 to 20 percent
less than conventional. Advocates contend that the environmental advantages of organic agriculture
far outweigh the lower yields, and that increasing research and breeding resources for organic systems
would reduce the yield gap. Sometimes excluded from these arguments is the fact that we already
produce enough food to more than feed the world's 7.4 billion people but do not provide adequate
access to all individuals.
In some cases, organic yields can be higher than conventional. For example, in severe drought
conditions, which are expected to increase with climate change in many areas, organic farms can produce
as good, if not better, yields because of the higher water-holding capacity of organically farmed soils.
What science does tell us is that mainstream conventional farming systems have provided
growing supplies of food and other products but often at the expense of other sustainability goals.
Conventional agriculture may produce more food, but it often comes at a cost to the environment.
Biodiversity loss, environmental degradation, and severe impacts on ecosystem services have not only
accompanied conventional fanning systems but have often extended well beyond their field boundaries.
With organic agriculture, environmental costs tend to be lower and the benefits greater.
Overall, organic forms tend to store more soil carbon, have better soil quality and reduce soil
erosion compared to their conventional counterparts. Organic agriculture also creates less soil and
water pollution and lower greenhouse gas emissions. And it's more energy-efficient because it doesn't
6 , 6

----- PAGE 22 -----
rely on synthetic fertilizers or pesticides.
Organic agriculture is also associated with greater biodiversity of plants, animals, insects and
microorganisms as well as genetic diversity. Biodiversity increases the services that nature provides
and improves the ability of farming systems to adapt to changing conditions.
Despite lower yields, organic agriculture is more profitable for farmers because consumers are
willing to pay more. Higher prices, called price premiums, can be justified as a way to compensate
farmers for providing ecosystem services and avoiding environmental damage or external costs.
51. What do we learn from the conclusion of the authofs review study?
A) More resources should be tapped fbr feeding the world's population.
B) Organic farming may be exploited to solve the global food problem.
C) The long-term prospects of organic farming are yet to be explored.
D) Organic farming is at least as promising as conventional farming.
52. What is the critics, argument against organic farming?
A) It cannot meet the need fbr food. 
C) It is not really practical.
B) It cannot increase farm yields. 
D) It is not that productive.
53. What does the author think should be taken into account in arguing about organic farming?
A) Growth in world population. 
C) Inequality in food distribution.
B) Deterioration in soil fertility. 
D) Advance in farming technology.
54. What does science tell us about conventional fanning?
A) It will not be able to meet global food demand.
B) It is not conducive to sustainable development.
C) It will eventually give way to organic farming.
D) It is going mainstream throughout the world.
55. Why does the author think higher prices of organic fann produce are justifiable?
A) They give farmers going organic a big competitive edge.
B) They motivate farmers to upgrade farming technology.
C) Organic farming costs more than conventional farming.
D) Organic farming does long-term good to the ecosystem.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.
You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
《红楼梦》(Dream of the Red Chamber)是18世纪曹雪芹创作的一部小说。曹雪芹基于自
己痛苦的不入经历,讲述了贾宝玉和林黛玉之间的悲剧性爱情故事。书中有大约3 0 个主要人
物和400多个次要人物，每个人物都刻画得栩栩如生，具有鲜明的个性。小说详尽地描述了四
个贵族世家兴衰的历程，反映了封建社会隐藏的种种危机和错综复杂的社会冲突。
《红楼梦》融合了现实主义和浪漫主义，具有很强的艺术感染力。它被普遍认为是中国最
伟大的小说，也是世界上最伟大的文学创作之一。
6 ・ 7

----- PAGE 23 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册！
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the saying “ What is
worth doing is worth doing well.n You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:________________________________
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 24 -----
附:第3 套作文及翻译
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the saying “ Wealth
of the mind is the only true wealth. " You should write at least 150 words but no
more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
《水浒传》(Water Margin)是中国文学四大经典小说之一。这部小说基于历史人物宋江及
其伙伴反抗封建帝王的故事，数百年来一直深受中国读者的喜爱。
毫不夸张地说,几乎每个中国人都熟悉小说中的一些主要人物。这部小说中的精彩故事在
茶馆、戏剧舞台、广播电视、电影屏幕和无数家庭中反复讲述。事实上，这部小说的影响已经远
远超出了国界。越来越多的外国读者也感到这部小说里的故事生动感人、趣味盎然。
