
----- PAGE 1 -----
大学英语六级考试2025年12月真题（第一套）
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “Living in
an increasingly competitive world, college students should better prepare themselves to confront various
challenges." You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II
Section A
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end o f each conversation, you -will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He has distinguished himself in foreigns ervice. 
C) He is currently an electrical engineer.
B) He is his.country's ambassador to Winopia. 
D) He craves attention from the media.
2. A) A government reshuffle. 
C) Some sort of political reorientation.
B) A fundamental reform. 
D) Some sort of crisis of legitimacy.
3. A) All diplomats have more or less similar stories to tell.
B) It is a prerequisite to get Some practice in diplomacy.
C) Different people can take different paths.
D) It is a must to first obtain a law degree.
4. A) Key skills required of a diplomat. 
C) Diplomatic discourse and rhetoric.
B) The making of an expert diplomat. 
D) Contributions by diplomatic envoys.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They have got their work done.
B) They both look tired.
6. A) The board members! insufficient support.
B) Two months devoted to the same contract.
7. A) Unprofessional.
B) Inspirational.
8. A) Fewer rectifications of the contract.
B) More support from the board members.
C) They can meet again tomorrow anyway.
D) They are both anxious to go home.
C) Working two months without any progress.
D) The man's long concentration on the project.
C) Exceptional.
D) Delusional.
C) The early implementation of the project.
D) The alignment of all sections of the contract.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
1
• 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•

----- PAGE 2 -----
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) When two employees propose contrary solutions to their dispute.
B) When two employees are directed by their respective manager.
C) When two people behave in an apparently clashing manner.
D) When two people tell different stories of the same event.
10. A) How it got resolved. 
C) What it was about.
B) How it happened. 
D) When it was settled.
11. A) They intervened promptly lest their dispute escalate. C) They assumed the best about them and moved on.
B) They tried to ascertain the actual facts of the matter. D) They persuaded them to put their conflict aside.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Dine out daily.
B) Budget sensibly.
13. A) Shopping.
B) Sewing.
14. A) Satisfy their taste.
B) Cut down expenses.
15. A) People's intense fbcus on convenience.
B) People's deteriorating family finances.
C) Enjoy cooking.
D) Shop at groceries.
C) Entertaining oneself.
D) Fashion designing.
C) Eat more healthily.
D) Cultivate new hobbies.
C) People's strong aversion to junk foods.
D) People's increasing dislike of cooking.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer sheet 1 with a single line
though the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Its owner's flight is delayed because of bad weather.
B) Airlines cannot find its owner without an ID tag on it.
C) Airline staff have not correctly coded its destination tag.
D) Its owner has forgot to pick it up from the baggage claim.
17. A) Its tag may get tom off on the conveyor belt. 
C) It may be sent to a wrong destination.
B) Its tag may get stuck in the sorting machine. 
D) It may be picked up by someone else.
18. A) Purchase irretrievably lost things at auction.
B) Contact the airport staff to find our missing bag.
C) Get the airline agenfs phone number before boarding.
D) Avoid packing valuable items in our checked baggage.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It can be behaviorally hazardous.
B) It can be especially disappointing.
20. A) They considered it inevitable.
B) They held a negative view towards it.
21. A) Elaborate forms of social contact.
B) Ill effects on one's sense of pride.
C) It can be socially harmful.
D) It can be really embarrassing.
C) They were concerned with its effects.
D) They saw it as a sign of social evolution.
C) Poor relationships with others.
D) Vicious cycles of detachment.
• 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）■
2

----- PAGE 3 -----
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) The ill treatment they get as tourists.
B) The nonprofessional business they see.
23. A) They have been the classic way to visit Europe.
B) They attract tourists with location and decoration.
C) They have long been competing with chain hotels.
D) They are in fact a completely new idea in America.
24. A) Your financial status.
B) Your family's consent.
25. A) Costs for starting the business.
B) The number of guests to receive.
C) The impersonal accommodations.
D) The many adventures on their way.
C) Your property.
D) Your personality.
C) The facilities to provide.
D) Opportunities fbr income.
Part JU 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list o f choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any o f the words in the bank
more than once.
By now, it is generally accepted that regular exercise comes with an assortment of health benefits for people who
maintain the habit over time. But is it 
26 too late to start?
New research looked at people who increased their exercise levels after their 40s beyond levels they had when
they were younger and those individuals showed declines in their risk of early 
27 
which were similar to those of
people who exercised consistently throughout their lives. This was a 
28 
of 32% to 35% compared to people who
did not exercise. Those who began exercising in middle age also saw reductions in their incidence of 
29 
diseases,
such as heart disease and cancer, which were similar to the steady exercisers.
So why bother exercising consistently throughout your life? The authors of the study 
30 
that some
might interpret the study's findings to mean that they can delay starting an exercise program but this would
be a mistake. There are other benefits, both mental and physical, to staying consistently active that we should
not 
31 
. These real health benefits include better 
32 
functioning and lowered risk of gaining weight. The
latter is 
33 
important given the global obesity epidemic. In addition, experts assert that starting younger
is better because, if you make a habit of exercising when you are young, you are more likely to keep up those
34 
later in life. It is ideal, then, fbr people to start exercising when they are children or 
35 . and it is good
to maintain an active lifestyle at all times regardless of your age. However, this study does indicate that, if you
have not been active, you can still benefit if you start becoming active in your 40s and 50s.
A) adolescents
I) maneuver
B) arbitrarily
J) mortality
C) chronic
K) particularly
D) cognitive
L) patterns
E) concede
M) refute
F) disregard
N) stereotype
G) drop
O) vocal
H) ever
3
■ 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•

----- PAGE 4 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Restaurants are now employing robots—should chefs be worried?
A) Like most chefs, Flippy is not afraid of hard work. Since last summer, that has meant 11am until 7pm shifts
at Caliburger in Pasadena, California, as well as short assignments at Chick-N-Tots at Dodger Stadium in
Los Angeles. These are long hours of repetitive work, where the boss demands absolute consistency. But you
won't hear Flippy complain or say anything, in fact. For Flippy is a robot—a cloud-connected mechanical
arm with 3D thermal scanners for eyes—that can flip burgers or fry 80 baskets of food an hour, monitor that
food and even clean up afterwards.
B) Flippy was created by Miso Robotics, part of the Cali Group, which is described by its CEO, John Miller, as: "A
technology company that happens to sell cheeseburgers.^^ Cali creates new machines that it road-tests in its
Caliburger restaurants across the world, into which Flippy will be deployed this year. And Flippy is not alone.
Also in California, Bear Robotics has developed a self^guiding robot, Penny, which has so far served 40,000
diners.
C) Ten years ago, robot-chefs and waiters were pure science fiction. Today, they are a reality, and at prices that
make them a plausible investment. From May, Penny will be shipped on a subscription basis that offers "an
immediate retum^^, says Bear Robotics5 chief operating officer, Juan Higueros. Flippy will cost a reported
$60,000 to $100,000. Fully automated burger restaurants managed with minimal human oversight- where
customers order at screens, pay electronically and eat food cooked and delivered by robots- are now a
possibility.
D) The technology exists, it just needs knitting together cost-effectively and in a way diners buy into. In an
industry keen to slash labour costs and increase profits, further automation seems inevitable. After an eight­
month test at Kang Nam Tofu House in California, Bear Robotics credited Penny with driving a 28% increase
in sales. Meanwhile, in US trials, the self-ordering screens that McDonald's is currently installing at its 1,300
UK restaurants yielded a reported 30% rise in order values.
E) Personalisation is seen as key to the appeal of this technology, alongside its ability to reliably push so-called
“upseHs” (meal deals, extras, larger drinks) to customers. Soon when you log into a restaurant app, it will be
able to use your data and purchasing history to recommend dishes to you~~-factoring in everything from the
weather to, if you are ordering at a screen that can read your face, your mood.
F) “Right now people compromise on choice. We're presented with a one-size-fits-all menu. Ultimately,
technology can allow us to make personal choices. You love spicy food and chicken? Here's the dish people
like you mostly order,“ says Tom Weaver, CEO at the hospitality tech company Flyt. He talks enthusiastically
about the Helsinki pop-up Take-In, a full-service restaurant where diners ordered dishes in from various
delivery services. 'Tor the first time in a few hundred years, digital is allowing us to create new versions of
restaurants.,,
G) If high-street fast food is automation-ready, its impact on high-end restaurants is likely to be subtler and
slower. C4Ifll probably be a very long time before we see a five-star robot-chef,5, says Noel Sharkey, professor
of AI and robotics at the University of Sheffield. '"Apart from the AI creativity gap, great cooking involves
a subtle understanding of ingredients and delicate cooking that would be enormously challenging for robots.
• 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•
4

----- PAGE 5 -----
Placing fragile foods on plates would be incredibly slow.”
H) Currently, robots have limited functionality. A human needs to load Penny with plates that diners lift off
themselves. At the robot-powered US pizza-delivery company Zume, the more difficult jobs, such as topping
pizzas, are still done by humans. But Moley, which will launch soon, offers an idea of the sophistication to
come. Modelled on the movements of a MasterChef contest winner, Tim Anderson, its robotic arms are fixed
over a stove and programmed to prepare dishes from raw ingredients. It is designed for domestic use, but a
commercial version is planned that opens up the possibility of restaurant kitchens automating even highly
technically challenging tasks.
I) For now, the kitchen technology that QSR Automations supplies to Mitchells & Butlers' pubs or KFC is less
glamorous. Rather than having a chef shouting out diners' orders, the QSR system automatically distributes
those orders across screens. The kitchen screens then tell chefs when to start cooking each dish, so that your
plate of fish, chips and peas comes together at the right time.
J) The restaurant industry is currently suffering a severe shortage of skilled chefs- a deficit of 11,000,
according to the skills agency People 1st. "'Automation systems designed to make the process more idiot­
proof are trying to bridge that gap,“ says Stefan Chomka, the editor of Restaurant magazine.
K) In terms of simplifying or enhancing the customer experience, online restaurant booking has been the easily-
won success of the internet age. Automated at-table ordering and payment is seen as the next landmark. Until
then, early adopters, such as the Manchester bar owner Andy Smith, who uses the Ordoo app at his venue 33
Oldham Street, may well experience growing but “lower than expected^^ acceptance.
L) Embarrassing failures in restaurant tech frequently hit the headlines. The TGI Fridays drone (无人机)that
injured a Brooklyn Daily photographer; US burger chain Shake Shack having to retreat from plans for entirely
cashless ordering sites. But, says Chomka, such technology could miss the mark if it only offers "solutions to
problems that don't really exist". "Payments being automatic^^ could be useful, he adds. But, in an expensive
restaurant, 4thow quick do you need dinner to be?,,
M) That attachment to the human art of hospitality will be heartening for staff who see automation as a threat to
jobs. "Unite is concerned that without safeguards, any benefits will bypass workers in low-paying jobs, such
as waiters,M says the union's London regional officer, Dave Turnbull. "We're urging Members of Parliament
to ensure automation does not just benefit a wealthy few like previous industrial revolutions.^^
N) The industry principle is that automation will allow it to redeploy staff more effectively. Jobs will change, if
not immediately decrease in number, "SeForder screens mean more demand for people front-of-house. Last
year, we recruited 1,000 new managers,M says McDonald's COO, Jason Clark. Caliburger has a programme
to retrain staff as robot engineers or “chef techs”.
O) But ultimately the chance to reduce overheads (管理费用)by employing fewer people or at lower rates will
be what attracts big brands to technology. Invariably, over the next 10 years, jobs will go in conventional
bricks-built restaurants, not least because automation will boost their rapidly growing rival: delivery.
Companies such as Domino and Just Eat have both experimented with robot and drone delivery, which is
already legal in Reykjavik, Iceland. "Robot food deliveries are the future,n says Noel Sharkey. 4tSmall, 4mph
ground robots are safe and will work 24 hours a day.”
P) Combined with machine learning of anticipated order volumes and the minute-by-minute cooking data
generated by systems such as QSR, that robot fleet could deliver almost instantly. ''Restaurants will prepare
food ahead of orders coming in,“ predicts Just Eafs director of engineering, Daniel Richardson. UF11 be able
to say 'Let's have pizza5 to my family, my intelligent assistant will hear and 10 minutes later the food will be
5
■ 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•

----- PAGE 6 -----
at my door,^^ No one is putting an exact date on it yet. But in the dining room and on your doorstep, the robots
are coming.
36. It is now possible to fully automate a burger restaurant with little human supervision.
37. At a robot-powered US company, complicated tasks still have to be performed by humans.
38. More automation appears to be a certainty in industries eager to cut labour costs and raise profits.
39. There are often front-page reports of failures in technological innovation of the restaurant industry.
40. Robot-chef Flippy does not fear laborious work, nor does it make any complaints.
41. Digital technology makes it possible for businesses to innovate restaurant models.
42. Fondness fbr human warmth in catering to customers will give hope to employees who are afraid of losing
jobs to robots.
43. There is an acute shortage of experienced chefs in the catering industry and automated cooking is expected to
fill the gap.
44. Over the coming decade, many jobs in traditional restaurants will disappear due to robot delivery.
45. According to an expert in AI and robotics, it may be quite some time before a master robot-chef appears.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best
choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Many see friendships as a comfort blanket: a shoulder to cry on, a reliable soul to confide in. However, more
often than not, in our eagerness to seek individual success, we lose friends along the way and that has become
part of the process.
The chaos and never-ending turmoil that accompanies everyday life is an aggressive obstacle in the pursuit
of stable friendships. As students, we use this excuse to shrug off losing people who we once thought to be loved
ones.
Instead of viewing our lives as a race, where everyone is on their own path to some form of success, we must
relearn to value the connections we make along the track. We must reevaluate the harm of radical, individual
freedom.
Radical individualism elevates the freedom of the individual over the collective. It argues, for instance, that
universal healthcare, an example of collectivism, threatened the dream of many Americans.
Many of us have fallen victim to an individualistic culture. Society tends to celebrate personal achievement
and commend it based on the assumption that winning or succeeding is a consequence of working harder than
the next person.
As a society, we idolize the concept of “losing friends on the road to success.^^ I remember hearing in high
school, "Don't worry about losing friendships, just focus on study and getting into college. Thafs all that will
matter in the long run,^^ a sentiment that is not unique to my experience. Ifs preached in many success stories,
and it's embedded in the way we see growth. Motivational speakers will push their audience to be complacent to
the inevitable end of losing friends. Spend too much time with friends? You5re losing time better utilized on your
achievements. Invest time in your relationships? Invest time in your work instead.
• 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•
6

----- PAGE 7 -----
This constant need to succeed has blinded us from seeing through the whirlwind of change that accompanies
our everyday lives. We are expected to tangibly succeed, earn awards, get higher positions, earn better grades. In
order to succeed, we lose friends, and that has sadly become normalized.
We cannot be complacent with losing friendships because they are our anchors.
Yes, pursue success. Challenge yourself. Push limits. But contrary to all the self-proclaimed success experts,
doing it alone does not make you more successful or any better than someone who achieved it with the help of
others.
Put effort into fostering healthy relationships, and maintaining them through your busy schedule that seems
like it leaves no time for anyone else. Although we may be living in a society that treasures the independent
pursuit of achievement, having people to support and love you on the way is far more important than any end
result.
46. What often happens when people are eager to pursue individual success?
A) They lack a shoulder to cry on. 
C) They cannot find reliable friends.
B) They have no soul to confide in. 
D) They ignore their ties with friends.
47. What does the author advise people to do in their pursuit of radical individualism?
A) Reexamine its detrimental effects. 
C) Avoid the chaos and turmoil involved.
B) Shrug off the loss of their loved ones. 
D) Remove aggressive obstacles in the way.
48. What is American society's assumption of personal achievement?
A) It is to be duly celebrated and highly commended. C) It revolves around an individualistic culture.
B) It is a sure way to fulfill a person's dream. 
D) It reflects a person's exceptional endeavor.
49. What is preached in many success stories?
A) Attaching importance to academic gains on the road to success.
B) Investing one's time in work instead of connecting with friends.
C) Trying to strengthen friendships in one's pursuit of personal success.
D) Excelling in academic performance to get into a prestigious college.
50. What can we infer from the passage regarding the pursuit of success?
A) No one can succeed without pushing limits. 
C) Collectivism is superior to individualism.
B) No one can afford to neglect close friends. 
D) Success experts often lead people to ruin.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
During his acceptance speech for the Nobel Peace Prize, Martin Luther King Jr. said, UI believe that unarmed
truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality.,5
More than five decades later, our society is still struggling to separate truth from fantasy, fact from fiction.
From disputes over the climate change to debates about how slavery is taught, America is at a crossroads. And
the battle fbr equity is at the heart of these vital conversations.
Study after study shows that inequity has had appalling consequences. A 2020 report by Citi indicated that
“Black students could have increased their lifetime incomes $90-$113 billion^^ if equity issues related to higher
education had been adequately addressed over the past two decades.
This statistic represents a flood of issues we've failed to confront as a nation. It also highlights one truth:
We're missing out on valuable opportunities to bridge the differences that divide us. However, by honoring
King's legacy, we can get our country back on the path toward true equity.
7
■ 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•

----- PAGE 8 -----
Students—and adults for that matter- simply cannot understand the conflicts we have today without
understanding what caused them in the first place. That means we have a responsibility to help them make
connections between U.S. history and current events. It also means giving them the tools they need to address
inequity and bias in their own lives. Adherence to these principles, along with a commitment to truthful dialogue,
can help every student better appreciate how far we've come and more clearly see the roads we have yet to
travel.
With more truthful analysis of the need for more qualified, diverse educators, we can improve our recruiting,
training, and retention strategies fbr schools across the country.
Unfortunately, our deeply rooted divisions are delaying these advancements. A recent survey found that 77
percent of Americans believe the nation is “more divided than ever befbre”. But reports of increased polarization
shouldn't persuade us to look away from one another. Instead, they should compel us to address our shared issues
head-on.
We are not, as some would suggest, living in a “post-racial society^^. We simply cannot afford to keep our
heads buried in the sand when it comes to racial inequity. Unless we get honest about intolerance, bias, and how
these social diseases impact the ways we treat one another, injustice will continue to haunt us. But our children
and our grandchildren deserve better.
On this Martin Luther King Day and beyond, lefs commit to working together to disrupt the status quo.
Lefs continue to build a better, more inclusive nation; and in the words of Martin Luther King Jr., “A society at
peace with itself, a society that can live with its conscience.^^
51. What does the author think about today's America?
A) It is struggling to transform fiction into reality.
B) It has been the fbcus of many vital conversations.
C) It still has a long way to go before equity can be truly realized.
D) It has got to a point where people disagree on nearly every issue.
52. What do we learn from the passage about black students in the past 20 years?
A) They have been unfairly treated regarding higher education.
B) They have been battling hard to address equity issues.
C) They have boosted their lifetime incomes by billions of dollars.
D) They have come to see the consequences of racial discrimination.
53. How can Americans bridge the differences that divide them?
A) By dealing with the thorny issues confronting them.
B) By seizing every chance to enhance racial harmony.
C) By continuing to pursue Martin Luther King Jr.'s cause.
D) By striving to identify exceedingly valuable opportunities.
54. How do most Americans view America as a nation according to a recent survey?
A) It is compelled to address its historical social issues.
B) It is delaying advancements toward racial equality.
C) It has kept itself from polarization.
D) It has become increasingly split.
• 2025年12月六级真题（第一套）•
8

----- PAGE 9 -----
55. What does the author suggest Americans do?
A) Ensure the wellbeing of their children and grandchildren.
B) Make joint efforts to tackle the nation's equity issues.
C) Restrain their intolerance and discrimination.
D) Restore social order for a harmonious nation.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
尊老是中华民族的传统美德，深深植根于中国人的思想和行为中，是人们普遍遵守的行为规范和
社会准则。在当今的中国，这种美德得到广泛传承。社会各界积极营造敬老助老的社会氛围。为老年
人提供便利服务已成为社会共识，例如社区专门开设长者食堂，公共场所配置优先座位。政府还出台
了一系列政策，为老年人的权益提供有力保障。尊老是社会和谐与发展的重要基石，有助于培育良好
的社会氛围，推动整个社会文明进步。
9
• 2025年12月六级真题(第一套)•

----- PAGE 10 -----
大学英语六级考试2025年12月真题（第二套）
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “While
striving for the Chinese Dream, young people enjoy more opportunities to realize their selAworth." You can
make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least
150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) It is absurdly expensive.
B) It is appropriately priced.
C) It brings shame on the university.
D) It caters to students and teachers.
2. A) They never really appeal to her.
B) They are never actually good value.
C) They are within students5 budgets.
D) They always come at a high speed.
3. A) The food.
B) The space.
C) The speed.
D) The environment.
4. A) A complete refurnishing.
B) A ruinous burning down.
C) A substantial expansion.
D) A massive renovation.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They have a poor work ethic. 
C) They are struggling in the workplace.
B) They don't get along with managers. 
D) They aren't as varied as their predecessors.
6. A) Learning about the way they adhere to their own values.
B) Recognizing how they try to strike a work-life balance.
C) Knowing how they struggle to connect with managers.
D) Understanding the way they seek career advancement.
7. A) In terms of the number of hours spent. 
C) In terms of the work done in 8 hours.
B) By the amount of work they perform. 
D) By the quality of the work they do.
8. A) Those whose culture facilitates their advancement. 
C) Those whose values align with their own.
B) Those allowing them to do projects of their choice. 
D) Those refraining from discrediting their perspectives.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
■ 2025年12月六级真题（第二套）•
10

----- PAGE 11 -----
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They may unconsciously help customers choose greener dishes.
B) They may unintentionally encourage customers to eat meat.
C) They raise customers' environmental awareness.
D) They enable customers to eat in a healthy way.
10. A) By inviting them to taste different kinds of food.
B) By observing the eating behaviour of strict vegetarians.
C) By comparing participants eating vegetarian food frequently with those doing so rarely.
D) By requiring participants to choose a meal as if they were feasting at a family gathering.
11. A) They are less likely to choose a vegetarian dish.
B) They find vegetarian dishes become more appealing.
C) They tend to consume larger portions of unhealthy food.
D) They are less likely to choose dishes recommended by chefs.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) They have found a solution to the global problem of air pollution.
B) They have managed to freeze polluting particles to around -18℃.
C) They have been seeking a way to prevent pollutants from penetrating indoors.
D) They have been cooperating closely on developing a new type of air-conditioner.
13. A) They can be costly and inefficient. 
C) They are by-products of health research.
B) They are constantly being perfected. 
D) They can save over 40,000 lives each year.
14. A) They keep their windows closed. 
C) They make more use of air-conditioners.
B) They spend a lot more time indoors. 
D) They try various ways to purify indoor air.
15. A) It shows the importance of eliminating indoor pollution.
B) It may change the way of future environmental research.
C) It demonstrates the fruitful cooperation between UK and Chinese scientists.
D) It may make household appliances serve an additional air cleaner function.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer sheet 1 with a single line
though the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It distinguishes different species of animals.
B) It reflects distinct traits in animal behaviour.
C) It demonstrates animals5 ability to recognise themselves.
D) It gauges the level of intelligence of various animal species.
17. A) It meets few of the behavioural criteria set in the mirror test.
B) It behaves similarly to animals capable of self-recognition.
C) It removes marks from itself to show self-awareness.
D) It matches children over 18 months in intelligence.
18. A) They have conclusively established the criteria of animal intelligence.
B) They have advanced the concept of self-awareness to a higher level.
11 
• 2025年12月六级真题(第二套)•

----- PAGE 12 -----
C) They incorporate more perspectives than one.
D) They raise more questions than answers.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Small children are even more keen on screens than their elders.
B) Both parents and children preferred to read electronic books.
C) Parents differed from children in reading behavior.
D) Children reading electronic books learned more.
20. A) They came to conflicting conclusions. 
C) They yielded unanticipated findings.
B) They were based on small samples. 
D) They were focused on younger kids.
21. A) Those that prove simple enough fbr them to comprehend.
B) Those that produce both audio and visual effects on them.
C) Those that draw their attention to the educational content.
D) Those that contribute to their increased interest in reading.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Regret having wasted much time in making them.
B) Think how different we could have made them.
23. A) It has made us the person we are now.
B) It has been made with a lot of thinking.
24. A) Challenging things to do.
B) Beautiful things to share.
25. A) Foreseeing the possibility for regret later.
B) Making proper use of the lessons learned.
C) Keep ourselves from regretting them.
D) Live with them for the time being.
C) It stems from our valuable knowledge.
D) It benefits us greatly one way or another.
C) Choices to make.
D) Lessons to learn.
C) Perfecting the decision-making strategies.
D) Seeing them as obstacles to moving forward.
Part HI 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
We humans love to believe we are special, but science and technology have repeatedly proved this
conviction wrong. People 
26 
thought that humans were the only animals to use tools, to form teams or to
propagate culture, but science has shown that other animals do each of these things.
Meanwhile, technology has quashed ( 使无效),one by one, claims that 
27 
tasks require a human brain.
The first adding machine was invented in 1623. This past year, a computer-generated work won an art contest. I
believe the moment when computers meet and 
28 
human intelligence is on the horizon.
How will human intelligence and creativity be valued when machines become smarter and more creative
than the brightest people? There will likely be a spectrum. In some 
29 
、people still value humans doing
things, even if a computer can do it better. It's been a quarter of a century since a computer beat world champion
Garry Kasparov, but human chess hasn't gone away.
In other fields, human skill will seem costly and 
30 . Take illustration fbr example: most readers don't
care whether the graphic 
31 
a magazine article was drawn by a person or a computer- they just want it to be
relevant, new and perhaps 
32 .
• 2025年12月六级真题(第二套)・ 
12

----- PAGE 13 -----
And, of course, this question isn't black or white. Many fields will be a 
33 . where some humans find a
lucky place, but most of the work is done by computers, like in manufacturing today, where, much of the work is
accomplished by robots, but some humans must be there to 
34 the machines.
If history is any guide, ifs almost certain that advances in AI will cause more jobs to 
35 , that creative
workers with human-only skills will become richer but fewer in number, and that those who own creative
technology will become the new ultra-rich.
A) accompanying
I) once
B) cognitive
J) oversee
C) domains
K) redundant
D) entertaining
L) stances
E) evoking
M) surpass
F) hybrid
N) tentatively
G) impetus
H) intuitive
0) vanish
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Do You Know When to Quit Wisely?
A) Projects, relationships, and jobs don't always work out as planned- and it's not always clear when to give up.
We've all repeatedly heard the saying that “quitters never win,“ but sometimes the best decision is to cut our
losses.
B) Think about that relationship you held on to even after it had run its course or the job you stayed in despite
your boss making you miserable. Many of us try to hold onto the last ray of hope, thinking we can make it
work, whatever "it" is. And while perseverance is generally an excellent quality, it may also incline you to
over-invest in something that is no longer a good idea.
C) As an executive coach, I work with numerous passionate and hard-working leaders who don't want to Uquit.^^
But the smartest leaders learn to discern the difference between quitting too soon and holding onto something
that they shouldn't.
D) We are all susceptible to the sunk-cost delusion, an unconscious bias that leads us to persist in an endeavor we
have already invested time, effort, or money into- even when abandoning it would be more beneficial. We
realize that we can't get back the resources we've given, so we persevere- investing in a project that should
be halted, staying in a relationship that should be over, or finishing a book we no longer enjoy and should
put down, because we're already halfway through it. If quitting is “not your thing,5, you may be especially
susceptible to this bias.
E) The sunk-cost delusion causes us to overly worry about what we511 lose if we move on and not think enough
about the costs of not moving on. To offset this bias, deliberately refocus your thinking on the gains so you
can more objectively weigh the alternatives. Ask yourself: What might I gain by cutting my losses now?
Will you be happier or have time for another (better) opportunity? Then ask yourself: What will it cost me to
soldier on? For example, is it possible that you'll be throwing more good money after what you've already
13 
• 2025年12月六级真题(第二套)•

----- PAGE 14 -----
lost? Or that you won't have the energy to capitalize on other promising possibilities?
F) The illusion of control can also interfere with our best judgment, leading us to overestimate our ability to
control events and attain a positive outcome. This bias gives us a sense of agency and can promote mental
health. However, the bias can also result in escalating commitment to a losing course of action. Especially
when combined with an "I'm not a quitter“ mentality, feeling like we have more control over an event or
person than we do puts us at risk of doubling down when we should pull out.
G) To counteract this bias, consider your situation and make a simple two-column list of what's in your control
and what's not. Think rigorously. While you may be able to influence other people and various circumstances,
you can't force them to change or go your way.
H) Getting clear on what you can control and what you can't is essential to making a quality decision about
whether to call it quits or persevere. With a written list in hand, you can ensure you focus on what you can
control and better assess whether your continued efforts are worth the expense. Expending effort and emotion
on things you can't control can be both draining and disempowering.
I) Research indicates that people link their self-identity and social status to their commitments. And because we
identify with our commitments, withdrawing from one can feel like a threat to our identity or status.
J) Take my client Ryan, a leader at a technology company. Ryan had invested two years and a lot of effort in a
design project that wasn't delivering the needed outcomes, but the thought of abandoning it after all she had
put in was hard to bear. As Ryan and I explored whether she should cancel the initiative she'd been leading
or continue to persevere, she stated, “The thing is, I'm not a quitter.^^ This singular, fixed sense of self was
clouding her judgment and limiting her choices for action.
K) Our self-concept and identity are mental concepts that influence our behavior. If you strongly identify as not
being a quitter, you can end up staying stuck in a course of action due to your narrow and rigid self-concept.
To overcome this kind of internal obstacle, recall your other positive traits and personality characteristics.
Ask yourself: What additional strengths do I have (or aspire to have) that would be helpful to employ here?
For example, when I asked Ryan what other positive qualities from her personality she needed to leverage for
decision making, she replied, "Discernment and bravery.^^
L) Now, examine your situation through the lens of each of these facets of yourself. What does the discerning
part of you say? The brave part? Considering your decision through these different characteristics will enable
you to see that you have more choices. Ifs also helpful to seek external sources of information, rather than
relying solely on your thinking and instincts. But it's important to think through whose opinions you solicit.
M) Ideally, seek out people who are less invested in your decision than you are. If you're considering whether
to shut down your entrepreneurial venture, for instance, reach out to other founders as opposed to just your
business partner. Similarly, if you're looking for love advice, ask someone removed from the ups and downs
of your relationship instead of relying only on your best friend. In all cases, I recommend describing your
situation and following up with a question like: t4How would you manage this situation?^^
N) Alternately, you could also seek out hard data that illuminates your real chance of success in whatever
endeavor you are contemplating. Sticking with the example of the entrepreneurial venture, numbers are your
best friend. Use them to remove yourself from the love you have for this idea and consider your bum rate
relative to growth plan, industry growth rates, and other factors that predict start-up success. External sources
of information can help you see angles and possibilities you might not have considered.
O) When something that seemed so promising at the start doesn't turn out the way we imagined, we can become
overly self^critical. Nobody likes to feel that they've made a poor decision, especially if making intelligent
,2025年12月六级真题（第二套）•
14

----- PAGE 15 -----
decisions is a quality you hold in high esteem. The most effective strategy here is to give yourself a break.
Practicing self-compassion increases your resilience (韧性)，emotional intelligence, compassion toward
others, and can boost your performance as well as help you develop a growth mindset.
P) Instead of deliberating and criticizing yourself, fbcus instead on what you can learn from this situation. For
example, Ryan recognized she had developed various new skills and leadership capabilities from leading the
design project. And despite ultimately deciding to drop it, she was still happy she had tried and grateful for
what the experience taught her.
Q) Undeniably, perseverance can help us succeed. But for your wellbeing, ifs important to learn how to
distinguish quitting too soon and clinging to a losing course of action. While letting go can be difficult, it will
free up your time, energy, and mental space to imagine new possibilities and pursue new opportunities.
36. Feeling like they have more control over something or someone than they do, people get more committed to
their pursuit when they should give up.
37. If you regard yourself as one who never quits, you may end up trapped in your course of action.
38. One of the author's clients found it hard to give up a design project, in which she had put in a lot of time and
effort.
39. The author suggests that one should direct their thoughts to the gains of quitting timely so as to move on.
40. When making a decision, you'd better ask for opinions of those who have less stake in your decision.
41. For people associating their identity with their commitments, quitting can feel like their identity is
threatened.
42. People who regard highly the quality of making wise decisions do not feel good when they make a bad one.
43. The wisest leaders learn to distinguish between giving up too soon and sticking with something irrationally.
44. When people are thinking of an endeavor, they should dig out reliable data that tells them how likely they are
to succeed.
45. Having a clear view of whafs in your control and whafs not is vital to making a good decision regarding
whether to give up or stick it out.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best
choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
As interdependent beings we cannot thrive independent of others. We like to work with people who are like­
minded, with whom we share a common interest, or who also believe in a cause we are serious about. This is
evident in how we have organised ourselves into various collective groups such as nations, regions, communities,
organisations, and families.
Does the group you belong to have a strong collective consciousness or shared beliefs? Is there
interdependence among its members? Do you consider this group a significant part of your existence? If your
answers are affirmative, then you are experiencing a micro version of solidarity.
What is solidarity? Its simplest definition in the dictionary is: "...a unifying opinion, feeling, purpose or
interest among a group of people.^^
15
• 2025年12月六级真题（第二套）•

----- PAGE 16 -----
In this increasingly diverse society we live in, solidarity takes on a complex and multifaceted character as
it forms bonds of interdependence among unique individuals living in a fast-changing environment and working
within a complex division of labour.
One facet of solidarity fits well with the principles of communitarianism (社群主义).In this setting,
individuals give up their own interests to serve the common good. However, its strict adherence to social
cohesiveness and exclusiveness restricts expression and practice of individual differences and preferences.
Consequently, individuality and autonomy is sacrificed to maintain the unity of the group.
Solidarity is also viewed as a reaction to the extreme emphasis on individualism and freedom of choice. It
goes against the liberal idea of unrestricted individuals who see society as a hindrance to their freedom to make
choices and to act according to what is good fbr them regardless of how these will affect others.
But despite its many facets, social theorists have viewed solidarity as a key factor in bringing about
order and progress in society. They believe that for human society to survive as it becomes more diverse,
more new bonds need to be formed based on the differences. In the light of this, they regard a genuine
solidarity as more than just shallow relationships based on common interests. Solidarity is not just a product
of strategic calculations of how much it will benefit the self. It is not an exclusive class founded on the you-
and-me-against-the-world principle. Rather, it is inclusive and is not forced. Acting out of solidarity means
supporting and standing up for each other一in recognition that one's fate is in the fate of the other. It is a
bond characterised by cooperative practices and strengthened by the concern for the well-being of others
or the common good. It fights for the protection of human dignity and listens to and acts on the cries of the
most vulnerable.
46. What does the author say about human beings?
A) They cannot prosper without cooperating with each other.
B) They share a common interest and believe in a just cause.
C) They think and behave alike in different social groups.
D) They cannot gain independence without fighting fbr it.
47. What do we learn about solidarity in an increasingly diverse society?
A) It gives rise to a complicated division of labour.
B) It involves many aspects with great complexity.
C) It brings individuals together as environment changes.
D) It embraces the characteristics of different individuals.
48. What would we witness in the setting of communitarianism?
A) Ruling of social norms and ridding of individuality.
B) Emphasis on the adherence to individual differences.
C) Sacrifice of personal interests fbr the common good.
D) Elimination of individualism and personal choices.
49. What does solidarity entail according to the passage?
A) A limit to personal differences.
B) An opposition to individualism.
50. What do social theorists think of solidarity?
A) It is especially relevant to the most vulnerable.
B) It is most effective in protecting human dignity.
C) A hindrance to social advancement.
D) An inevitable end to liberal pursuits.
C) It is essential to progress and order in society.
D) It is indispensable to avoiding shallow relationships.
• 2025年12月六级真题（第二套）•
16

----- PAGE 17 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
People who repeatedly give unwanted advice can be well-meaning and genuinely want to help. Others might
do this out of a sense of self-worth around the ability to influence others. One study found that people with a high
tendency to seek power were more likely to give advice than those with an opposite tendency.
Under the guise (夕卜表)of unselfishness, people may be driven to give you unwanted advice because it
makes them feel powerful or in control. They may not be fully aware of this drive, however.
These people may also display a problematic degree of emotional vulnerability, becoming upset very
quickly, and taking a long time to calm down. It is possible that their emotions were only validated in childhood
when they were at their loudest, encouraging them to adopt responses to discomfort that are excessive in most
situations.
When someone is giving advice in order to make themselves feel more powerful, there is underlying anxiety
to their behavior that recipients of the advice tend to notice. It can be tempting in this situation to react harshly
to the advice giver and to accuse them of being manipulative, but this approach might produce an undesirable
result.
If the act of giving advice is contributing actively to someone's feelings of self-worth, an outright (直率的)
rejection may be perceived as a threat, activating their fight-or-flight response, possibly causing them to double
down on their validation-seeking behavior, or leading to a larger conflict.
The key is to validate without over-identifying. You can let them know that you have heard them and
appreciate where they are coming from without taking on the potentially damaging narrative that you could not
have gotten by without their help. You had better say something like, “Thanks fbr the idea. I have my own plan
for handling this, but I really appreciate your perspective and will take it into consideration. Can I let you know
when I need help in the future?^^
If you have trouble setting boundaries tactfully, prioritize working on your own ability to self-regulate. As
uncomfortable as it may make you continuously receiving unwanted advice, if you can respond with compassion,
the situation will likely diffuse much faster.
Though it is usually not the intended outcome of giving unsolicited advice, many who receive it often feel
stressed, offended, or simply annoyed by unwanted suggestions. Setting a boundary in this regard, if you feel you
need one, is perfectly reasonable and something that can bring you increased emotional safety.
It is best to set boundaries in a way that takes into account the individual's underlying reasons for doing
what they are doing to avoid unnecessary conflict and more stress.
51. What is the finding of one study about people who keep giving unsolicited advice?
A) They turn out to be well-meaning. 
C) They are capable of influencing others.
B) They are genuinely kind-hearted. 
D) They are inclined to crave fbr power.
52. What is the problem with people who are driven to give you unsolicited advice?
A) They may be quick to upset others. 
C) They want their voice to be the loudest.
B) They may be emotionally vulnerable. 
D) They respond to discomfort excessively.
53. What is the advice receiver tempted to do when noticing the advice giver's underlying anxiety?
A) Reveal the undesirable result of their approach. 
C) Bring their real motives to the surface.
B) Refuse their advice in an undisguised manner. 
D) Accuse them of trying to control others.
17
• 2025年12月六级真题（第二套）•

----- PAGE 18 -----
54. How is the advice giver likely to react to the rejection of their advice?
A) They may regard it as a threat. 
C) They get ready for a larger conflict.
B) They may modify their behavior. 
D) They begin to doubt their self-worth.
55. What should the advice receiver do to avoid unnecessary conflict?
A) Concede the advice is perfectly reasonable.
B) Give their reasons for not taking the advice.
C) Understand why the advice giver offers the advice.
D) Explain their chosen way of handling the situation.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
中华民族崇尚自强自立的精神，这一精神深植于中国文化之中，是民族生存与发展的重要支撑。
改革开放以来，中国在自强自立的征程上，持续加大科研投入，在信息技术、人工智能、航天工程等
领域不断取得新突破。5G 网络覆盖全国，远程医疗发展迅速，电子支付的使用全球领先，嫦娥探月工
程展现了航天领域引人注目的发展。自强自立精神成为推动国家现代化进程的强大动力，激励着中国
人民为实现民族复兴(rejuvenation)的中国梦不断奋进。
• 2025年12月六级真题(第二套)•
18

----- PAGE 19 -----
大学英语六级考试2025年12月真题（第三套）
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence "It is
believed that teachers can exert a profound influence on their students5 academic pursuit and personal
development?5 You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay.
You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
（30 minutes）
特别说明：由于多题多卷，官方第三套真题的听力试题与第一套真题的一致，只是选项顺序不同，因此，
本套试卷不再提供听力部分。
Part in 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter: Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank
more than once.
Ifs best to think of an accent as a distinct, systematic and rule-governed way of speaking. Accent is not
a 
26 
for dialect, but ifs related. Dialect is an umbrella term for the way a community pronounces words,
creates words, and orders words; accent refers to that first part only.
Many 
27 
presume that there is a single standard way of speaking in each country, with one single
standard accent, and that this perceived standard is 
28 
the best form of speech, but linguists (语言 学家)
often point out that the concept of a standard accent is better understood as an ideal rather than a 
29 . In other
words, no one speaks “standard English^^; rather, it is an imagined way of using language that exists only in
grammar and style books.
One reason linguists agree there is no one true standard is that, through the years, there have been
30 
supposed standards, depending on time and place. The standard fbr English in British newsreels (新闻
片) from the 1950s, for example, differs greatly from the standard found on American national news broadcasts
today. In fact, there has never been a single standard thafs been fully agreed upon- and broadcast outlets across
the 31 
have never consistently held to those standards anyway.
Even so, this idea of a standard accent is 
32 
and many workplace and educational environments
perpetuate the idea that accents that 
33 
from the current standard are less appropriate, or even inappropriate.
Scholars have found that southern U.S. accent features are more accepted in 
34 
such as government, law and
service-oriented workplaces, but less accepted in the technology sector. The acceptability of nonstandard accents
may 35 with differences in class and culture, with newer or higher prestige industries expecting more standard
speech in the workplace.
19
• 2025年12月六级真题（第三套）•

----- PAGE 20 -----
A) affix
I) properties
B) correlate
J) reality
C) deviate
K) reciprocally
D) domains
L) specimen
E) influential
M) spectrum
F) inherently
N) synonym
G) laymen
H) multiple
O) unanimous
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
The History and Meaning of Colored Traffic Lights
A) Timed traffic lights are set according to schedules that are supposed to coordinate with peak traffic hours.
Cities need to monitor and update signal light time schedules at least every two years to keep these systems
effective. In Los Angeles, California, an ambitious project to go a step further and synchronize (使同步)
every red light in Los Angeles cost over 400 million dollars. Ask a resident of the city and they are likely to
agree that saving time on the road is well worth it. If implemented nationwide, synchronization could shave
10% off traffic congestion (堵塞)and 20% off air pollution. Congestion costs time, money, and lives. Big
data can help improve how millions of people safely share the road. However, none of this would be possible
without the traffic light!
B) The first traffic light was invented in London in the 1860's, but it was hardly recognizable- or effective.
It had been adapted from the railroad signal system by a railway manager, John Peak Knight, in 1868. The
railroads used red gas lights at night to signal stops and green gas lights during the daytime. Knight installed
a similar gas light, semaphore (臂板信号)system near London's Westminster Bridge in December of 1868.
C) The life of the first traffic light signal was short-lived. A gas leak caused one of the signal lights to explode on
its police officer operator within a month of being installed.
D) Automating traffic signals stalled after the London incident. Forty years passed before cars crowding city
streets urged the development of traffic lights in the United States. London would not see another traffic light
until 1929.
E) The United States is a car culture like no other country. Unlike most European cities that started urban
planning when horses were high-tech, many cities in the United States were designed around urban sprawl,
suburban tracts, and motor cars.
F) As traffic and cities grew, so did the race to solve growing traffic problems. The first traffic signals were
semaphores. Semaphores are towers with moving arms signaling for traffic to stop or go. They could be
manual or automatic. There was no consistent design. Various models were invented and put into place in
cities as the need arose.
G) In 1912, Lester Wire was a police officer exhausted by traffic at Main Street and 200 South. He developed a
manually switched stop light. The four-sided box, raised on a ten-foot pole, looked like a birdhouse and was
operated manually by an officer. The officer would flip a switch to change between the dipped red and green lights.
H) Like the 1910 semaphore, the first electric signal used words. However, the words were no longer written
on arms that raised and fell. The words "stop" or "move" were on lights. The posts lit up on each of four
comer-posts around an intersection (十字路口). It was not automated, though. A booth with an operator was
required to flip the switches.
■ 2025年12月六级真题（第三套）•
20

----- PAGE 21 -----
I) The system allowed police officers to move from the middle of the street to a comer. From that vantage (有
利地位)，an officer could oversee the crowd. If an emergency vehicle came, the officer could flip a switch
and clear the intersection by triggering all red lights. The emergency vehicle could now pass eflbrtlessly.
Finally, in San Francisco the first red and green electric light system that could be operated automatically (or
manually) was introduced in 1917.
J) In 1920, the first three-color light system was introduced in Detroit- also known as Motor City, USA. The
evolution of traffic light signals could not have a more appropriate context than Motor City. Ford Motor
Company was founded in Detroit in 1903 (and other motor companies followed). Ford made cars affordable
for more common people, rather than the wealthy, by creating larger scale factory production.
K) Stop and go were insufficient for the new volumes of cars zooming through intersections. Streets were full of
new numbers of cars in addition to delivery wagons, bustling crowds, bicycles, horse-drawn carriages, and
street cars. The introduction of the cautionary yellow light helped increase driver safety, decreasing accidents
that come from running red lights.
L) Stop lights were incredibly important in chaotic city streets. Crosswalks weren't even introduced until 1951.
The first pedestrian fatality in the United States was in 1899.
M) The development of the modem traffic light may have started in London, but it grew up in the United States.
In Cleveland, an African-American inventor named Garrett Morgan came up with an affordable, patented
traffic signal. The yellow light made intersections safer than the old stop and go system. The new design was
inexpensive enough that it allowed the installation of a lot more lights.
N) Morgan sold the patent to General Electric- and the spread of the traffic light was green lighted. Green
means go. It is that simple, but ifs still best to check both ways for oncoming traffic that may not be paying
attention or is running the light. Yellow means slow down and prepare to stop. It does not mean full-throttle
(全速)ahead. While you may get away with gunning it into the intersection, running a yellow can lead to
tickets and dangerous accidents. Red lights are a clear and consistent warning to stop. Even where right turns
are allowed on red lights, you must come to a complete stop before turning right. You must also yield to
any through traffic, which has the right of way. In most states and cities, you can take a right on red unless
otherwise indicated. New York City does not allow a right on red.
O) Red arrows mean you cannot turn right on a red in most states. The green arrow, in these cases, is the only
time you can make the turn. However, you can take a right on a red arrow after a full stop in the states of
Illinois, Kansas, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, New Hampshire, North Dakota, Oregon, South Carolina,
Utah, Washington State and Wyoming.
P) Flashing Red is the same as a stop sign, generally used at four-way intersections where there is minimal
traffic. When arriving at a flashing red light, make a full and complete stop. Flashing Red Arrows similarly
mean to stop and then proceed to take the turn. Flashing Yellow lights mean yield or signal caution, like
outside of a fire station. There are no all-direction flashing yellow lights, since it is prohibited in the United
States. If you have a flashing yellow light, you are to yield to oncoming traffic.
Q) Flashing Yellow Arrows are part of a four-signal traffic light. These are used in some states after a protected
green turn signal, or arrow, but before a steady yellow arrow. When a flashing yellow arrow is shown, you can
take the turn after yielding to pedestrians and traffic. Steady Yellow Arrows maintain the normal yellow light
• caution in three-light signals, meaning to stop or prepare to stop. In a four-signal system that has a flashing
yellow arrow, the steady yellow arrow is a signal that the yield period is ending. The red arrow is about to start.
Vehicles should stop if safely possible. Traffic tickets are possible for running a steady yellow arrow.
R) Traffic light meaning is fairly consistent across the board with various deviations. Green means ifs safe to
proceed (though you should still exercise caution). Yellow means caution and yield. Red means danger and
stop. Always drive defensively and obey traffic signals.
36. Upon seeing a flashing yellow arrow, a driver should let pedestrians and traffic pass first before taking the
turn.
37. The red and green automatic traffic light system originated in an American city.
21
• 2025年12月六级真题（第三套）•

----- PAGE 22 -----
38. Residents of an American city tend to share the opinion that time saved on the road justifies the cost of
upgrading its traffic light system.
39. Mass production of cars made it possible for ordinary people to buy them.
40. What a traffic light means is almost the same everywhere despite some variations.
41. Pedestrian crossings came into being only in the mid-twentieth century.
42. People raced to address increasing traffic problems along with the expansion of cities and traffic.
43. When the warning yellow light was introduced, driving became safer and traffic accidents reduced.
44. The signal system on the railroad served as the basis fbr the first traffic light.
45. Even though a green light signals "go", attention should be paid to traffic on either side in case some driver is
being careless or ignoring a red light.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best
choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Mindfulness has been shown to have a number of meaningful health benefits—it can help reduce anxiety
and promote healing in those suffering from chronic illness.
The practice is based on an insight first described in ancient Buddhist texts that human beings have
the capacity to observe experience without being caught up in it. This means simply that it is possible to
observe ourselves having a craving, or a happy thought, or even a scary emotion, without reacting in the
moment in a way that amplifies the feeling or sends the mind spiraling off into thinking about old memories
or anticipating events.
This practice of mindfulness can help calm the mind and the body as we learn not to react to experience
with likes and dislikes or judgments of good and bad. It does not make us cold or indifferent but more fully
present.
One of the challenges of practicing mindfulness in our contemporary world is that there has been a profound
transformation in human attention. The artist Jenny Odell argues that in our ""attention economy“ human attention
has been transformed into a commodity that big corporations buy and sell. This economy rests on a technological
revolution of mobile phones and social media that makes it possible for corporations to target our attention with
their content at every moment.
The devices most people use are a perpetual diversion from the present moment. The result is that it can
feel as though our ability to focus, and be fully present, has been stolen. But mindfulness can help us resist the
attention economy and relish the things that make life special, like being together with those we love.
Most mindfulness research focuses on the individual benefits of the practice, but some scholars assert that
we can not only practice mindfulness for ourselves but also practice it for others. It can help us build stronger,
healthier relationships.
The sad truth is that living in the attention economy, most of us have become bad listeners. However, just as
it is possible to watch ourselves having an experience without reacting, ifs possible to watch another person have
an experience without getting tied up in reactivity and judgment.
The gift of mindfulness is a practice of listening with compassion to others describe their experiences.
To give this gift means putting away your phone, turning off social media, and setting aside other common
distractions. It means practicing being fully present in another person's presence and listening to them with
complete attention without judgment, while resisting the urge to make the interaction about you.
If we judge the value of gifts based on their price, this gift may seem worthless, but in a distracted world, it
is a precious one.
• 2025年12月六级真题（第三套）-
22

----- PAGE 23 -----
46. What do we learn from the passage about practicing mindfulness?
A) It triggers our mind to reflect on past experiences or anticipate future events.
B) It focuses our attention on the present moment without making judgments.
C) It concentrates our mind on our personal feelings, happy or scary.
D) It helps our mind to stay calm when facing judgments from others.
47. What do we see in today's ""attention economy55 according to Jenny Odell?
A) Focus on technological advances continuously updates products and services.
B) People's attention is turned into something that can be bought and sold.
C) Businesses profit from selling mobile phones and revolutionizing social media.
D) People tend to purchase products and services without careful thinking.
48. What happens with the prevalent use of mobile phones or social media?
A) They keep distracting users from the here and now.
B) They render users incapable of resisting temptation.
C) They rob users of their ability to observe experience.
D) They tempt users to endorse the attention economy.
49. What benefit can practicing mindfulness bring to us according to some scholars?
A) It prevents us from making arbitrary judgments about others.
B) It shifts our attention from material things to spiritual pursuits.
C) It is conducive to our forging better interpersonal relationships.
D) It is helpful in regaining our ability to enjoy what we have in life.
50. What does the author suggest we do in another person's presence?
A) Share each other's experience frankly and compassionately.
B) Pay full attention to establishing close relationships with them.
C) Be attentive listeners while refraining from making judgments.
D) Remind them of the distraction from mobile phones and social media.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
The other day I had to log into a service I hadn't used before. Since I was a new user, the website decided
that it needed to check I wasn't a robot and so set me a Captcha test to determine whether the user is a person or
a machine.
I was presented with an image of a roadside scene over which was laid a grid. My “challenge“ was to click
on each cell in the grid that contained a traffic sign. I did so, a bit irritated. Then I was presented with another
image and another grid—also with a request to identify road signs. Like a lamb, I complied, after which the
website accepted my input.
And then I realised what I had been doing was adding to a dataset fbr training the machine-learning software
that guides self-driving cars. So, to gain access to an automated service that will benefit financially from my
input, I first have to do some unpaid labour to help improve the performance of autonomous vehicles.
Neat, eh? But note also the delicious additional irony that the Captcha is described as an ""automated Turing
test”. The Turing test was conceived, you may recall, as a way of enabling humans to determine whether a
machine could respond in such a way that one couldn't tell whether it was a human or a robot. So we have
wandered into a world in which machines make us do tricks to prove that we are humans!
The strangest aspect of this unparalleled shift is how under-discussed it has been. The metaphor of the
boiling frog comes to mind. Have we become so subtly conditioned by digital technology that we don't see
whafs been happening to us? Have we been conditioned to accept a world governed by “smart" tech, trading
convenience to the point where we become a bit like machines ourselves?
In a recent startling and thoughtful book, two scholars- Brett Frischmann, a law professor, and Evan
Selinger, a philosopher- argue that the answer to that question is "yes".
23
■ 2025年12月六级真题（第三套）.

----- PAGE 24 -----
And they're right. There's nothing technophobic (技术恐，
惧的)about that. We shape our tools and then our
tools shape us. Technology is supposed to provide tools that serve human ends. But, as the machine-learning
Captcha demonstrates, a significant proportion of digital tech now sees (and uses) humans as means to ends that
are not ours. In the process, they reduce us to the status of cheery rats running on treadmills (踏车)designed by
people who do not have our interests at heart. So back to the frog metaphor. Are we smart enough to jump out
before ifs too late? You don't even have to Google it to know the answer.
51. How did the author respond to the Captcha test?
A) He clicked on the cells randomly. 
C) He completed it confidently.
B) He accepted the challenge readily. 
' D) He worked on it submissively.
52. What is ironic about the Captcha test?
A) A machine can respond to the test as well as humans do.
B) A machine can outperform humans in object identification.
C) A test designed to test machines is now used by machines to test humans.
D) A test conceived to tell a human from a robot can now do tricks humans can't.
53. Why does the author use the metaphor of the boiling frog?
A) To show that humans are unwilling to trade convenience for control by smart tech.
B) To show that humans are unaware of the potential danger brought by smart tech.
C) To question whether humans are conditioned to accept digital tech.
D) To question whether humans are as vulnerable as the boiling frog.
54. Why does the author think that Brett Frischmann and Evan Selinger are right?
A) A large part of digital tech is now making use of humans to meet its own ends.
B) Humans are now fast locked in a race against digital tech to control the world.
C) Digital tech can serve human needs in ways previously thought impossible.
D) Digital tech is now doing thinking while humans are doing repetitive work.
55. What does the author imply by asking “Are we smart enough to jump out before it's too late?” at the end of
the passage?
A) It is not sensible to expect digital tech to take humans5 interest to heart.
B) It is hard to say whether technology or humans will get the upper hand.
C) We may have to search the web to get the answer to the question.
D) We may not awake in time to the danger digital tech poses to us.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
芭俭(frugality)是中华民族的传统美德。在中国古代，生产力低下，先人们深知劳动成果来之不
易，因而秉持节俭的理念。到了物质极大丰富的今天，中国人民依然坚持节俭的生活方式，体现了理
性消费的生活理念和对劳动的尊重。近年来，中国政府持续加强节约型社会的建设，倡导“光盘行动”，
减少食物浪费，提倡简约低碳的生活方式，推进资源循环利用，反对过度消费。节约型社会的建设有
力地推动了中国经济的高质量发展。
• 2025年12月六级真题（第三套）•
24
