
----- PAGE 1 -----
绝密★启用前
2025年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）试题
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项翁
1 .答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号，并涂写考生编号信息点。
2 . 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
3 . 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用2B铅笔填涂。
4 . 考试结束、将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名

----- PAGE 2 -----
Section I 
Use of English
Directions：
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A,
B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
Located in the southern Peloponnesian peninsula, Pavlopetri (the modem name of
the site) emerged as a Neolithic settlement around 3500 B.C. This area of the Aegean
Sea is 
] 
to earthquakes and tsunamis, which caused the city to 
2 
sink. The
slow sea level rise in the Mediterranean 
3 
the city more than 3,000 years ago.
For millennia, the city's 
4 
lay unseen below some 13 feet of water. They were
covered by a thick layer of sand 
5 
the island of Laconia. In recent decades, shifting
6 
and climate change have eroded a natural barrier that 
7 
Pavlopetri. In 1967,
a scientific survey of the Peloponnesian coast was 
8 
data to analyze changes in sea
levels 
9 
British oceanographer Nicholas Flemming first spotted the sunken 
10 
.
A year later, he returned with a few students to 
11 
the location and map the site.
The team identified some 15 buildings, courtyards, a network of streets, and two
chamber tombs. 
12 
the exciting initial finds, the site would lie 
13 
fbr decades
before archaeologists would return.
In 2009 archaeologists Chrysanthi Gallon and Jon Henderson 
14 
excavation of
Pavlopetri in cooperation with the Greek Ministry of Culture. Since the 1960s,
underwater archaeology 
15 
and tools had made huge advances. The team 
16
robotics, sonar mapping, and state-of-the-art graphics to survey the site. From 2009 to
2013 they were able to bring the underwater town to 
17 
. Covering about two and a
half acres, Pavlopetri^ three main roads 
18 
some 50 rectangular buildings, all of
which had open courtyards. Excavations revealed a large number of Minoan-style loom
weights, 
19 
Pavlopetri was a thriving trade center with a 
20 
textile industry.
英语（一）试题第1 页（共1 4 页）

----- PAGE 3 -----
1. A. relevant
B. prone
C. available
D. alien
2. A. accidentally
B. frequently
C. gradually
D. temporarily
3. A. disguised
B. submerged
C. relocated
D. isolated
4. A. legends
B. programs
C. remains
D. surroundings
5. A. across
B. off
C. under
D. via
6. A. currents
B. rivers
C. seasons
D. winds
7. A. elevated
B. separated
C. comprised
D. protected
8. A. gathering
B. restoring
C. updating
D. supplying
9. A. when
B. until
C. after
D. once
10. A. belongings
B. resources
C. products
D. structures
11. A. preserve
B. select
C. display
D. examine
12. A. Despite
B. Unlike
C. Besides
D. Among
13. A. unchallenged
B. unknown
C. unorganized
D. undisturbed
14. A. suspended
B. transferred
C. resumed
D. canceled
15. A. policies
B. theories
C. documents
D. techniques
16. A. ordered
B. provided
C. employed
D. adjusted
17. A. effect
B. light
C. reality
D. mind
18. A. crossed 
、
B. connected
C. blocked
D. altered
19. A. expecting
B. suggesting
C. predicting
D. recalling
20. A. robust
B. diverse
C. marginal
D. dependent
Section II 
Reading Comprehension
Part A 
；
Directions：
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B,
C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. （40 points）
，英语（一）试题第2 页（共14页）

----- PAGE 4 -----
Text 1
The grammar school boy from Stratford-upon-Avon has landed a scholarly punch
after groundbreaking research showed that Shakespeare does benefit children's literacy
and emotional development. But only if you act him out.
A study found that a rehearsal room,, approach to teaching Shakespeare broadened
children's vocabulary and the complexity of their writing as well as their emotional
literacy. u The research shows that the way actors work makes a big difference to the way
children use language and also how they think about themselves,Jacqui O'Hanlon of the
Royal Shakespeare Company （RSC）, which commissioned the study, said.
The randomised control trial involved hundreds of year 5 pupils- aged nine and
ten—at 45 state primary schools that had not been “ previously exposed to RSC
pedagogy." They were split into target and control groups and asked to write, for
example, a message in a bottle as Ferdinand following the shipwreck in The Tempest. The
target group were given a 30-minute drama-based activity to accompany the passage.
The peer-reviewed results showed that the target group of pujpils drew on a wider
vocabulary, used words u classed as more sophisticated or rarer"，and wrote at greater
length. They also u appear to be more comfortable writing in role...while [control] pupils
imagine how they themselves would react to being shipwrecked, [target] children put
themselves in the shoes of a literary character and express that character's emotion” . The
Time to Act study, which is published by the RSC this week, also found that while
control pupils relied on u desert island clichessuch as palm trees, target pupils were
“more expansive [giving] a broader picture of the sky? the sea and the atmospheric
conditions
O'Hanlon said she had been most surprised by the “ emotional literacy that was
evident in the [target] children's writing” and that they were u more resilient in their
writing, more hopefill” . She added “The emotional understanding was very evident and
it is probably related to the [rehearsal room process] where you are used to trying to
imagine your way through. They were comfortable in describing different emotional
states and part of what you do in drama is put yourself in different shoes." The study
showed the importance of embedding arts in education, she said.
But could the results be replicated with any old dramatist? O'Hanlon said more
research would be needed but suggested that Shakespeare's use of 20,000 words,
compared with the everyday 2,000 words, gave a u massive expansion of language into
children's lives"，which was combined with children u using their whole bodies to bring
words to life,\
英语（一）试题第3 页（共14页）

----- PAGE 5 -----
21. The u rehearsal room“ approach requires pupils to
A. rewrite the lines from Shakespeare.
B. watch RSC actors9 performances.
C. play the roles in Shakespeare.
D. study drama under RSC artists.
. . .
;
22. The study divided the pupils into two groups to find whether
A. the change in instruction enhances learning outcomes.
B. expanding vocabulary helps develop reading fluency.
C. emotion affects understanding of sophisticated works.
D. the classroom activity stimulates interest in the arts.
23. Control pupils5 reliance on u desert island clichesn shows their
A. weakness in description.
B. omission of small details.
C. casual style of writing.
D. preference for big words.
24. What can promote children's emotional literacy according to O9Hanlon?
'' 
. 
■ 
•
A. Writing in an imaginative manner.
B. Identifying with literary characters.
C. Drawing inspiration from nature.
D. Concentrating on real-life situations.
25. It can be inferred from the last paragraph that
A. the new teaching method may work best with Shakespeare.
B. the language of Shakespeare may be formidable for pupils.
C. other old dramatists may be included in primary education.
D. pupils may be reluctant to work on other old dramatists.
英语（一）试题第4 页（共14页）

----- PAGE 6 -----
Text 2
I was shocked to learn recently that some scientists want to scale back their
research in an effort to decrease carbon emissions. The crisis is here, they said, and we
need to cut back on our energy-intensive modelling. At the very least, we need to make
our energy use far more sustainable.
It is unarguable that our laboratories, scientific instruments, rockets and satellites一
the tools we scientists need to measure the planefs pulse- demand significant amounts
of energy both in their construction and operation. And it is equally true that science's
unrelenting appetite for information has caused a mushrooming of energy-intensive data
centres around the world. According to the International Energy Agency, these buildings
now consume about 1 percent of the world's electricity.
However, this is a price we must pay for understanding the world. How can we
inform decision makers about the best ways to bring down carbon emissions if we can't
track the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, where ifs coming from and who's
producing it? The carbon emissions from technological research are well spent:
ultimately this research will safeguard the future of our planet.
It can be hard for scientists to make the case because our work is complex, often
takes place behind closed doors and does not always lend itself to easy interpretation or
explanation. But demonstrating the efficacy of science will be crucial if we are to solve
humanity's greatest challenges. It is all too easy to feel paralysed in the face of daunting
problems such as climate change and to do nothing. But then I think of a friend's
daughter who turned her fears into action: she became a wind energy engineer and now
thrives on delivering renewable energy, limiting emissions.
Recognising the hope that science and engineering can bring was the impetus
behind the creation of the Millennium Technology Prize, which is now entering its 20th
year as a celebration of human ingenuity. One of the past winners, Professor Martin
Green from the University of New South Wales, Australia, is the inventor of the
Passivated Emitter and Rear Cell technology which is now found in most of the world's
solar panels. Thanks to his invention, we have a real chance to decrease the world's
carbon emissions.
Every day, scientists, technologists and engineers are discovering new ways to
exploit renewable energy sources and develop techniques not just to use power more
intelligently but to power our intelligence. A great example of this is Europe's largest
supercomputer, LUMI in Finland, which is astonishingly carbon-negative. Established in
an old paper mill, it is powered by a nearby river and its remote heat wanns the people
who live in the surrounding town of Kajaani.
If the world is to meet its net-zero ambitions, we must think hard about how we
can deliver sustainable computing and deliver more LUMIs.
英语（一）试题第5 页（共14页）

----- PAGE 7 -----
26. The author expressed great surprise at some scientists9
A. unwillingness to cut carbon emissions.
B. intention to reduce their research.
C. suspicions about sustainable energy.
D. waste of electricity in their projects.
27. The author believes that carbon emissions from research
A. have caused grave consequences.
B. have aroused groundless worries.
C. are hard to handle at present.
D. are justifiable in the long run.
28. The example of Green in Paragraph 5 is used to illustrate
A. the achievements of great scientists.
B. the urgency of addressing climate change.
C. the rewards of scientific endeavours.
D. the value of fostering human ingenuity.
29. It can be learned from the last two paragraphs that LUMI
A. is a model of sustainability efforts.
B. is a triumph against energy shortage.
C. owes much to global net-zero initiatives.
D. aims to explore the power of intelligence.
30. Which of the following statements would the author agree with?
A. Emission-free modelling demands extra funding.
B. The need for supercomputers is difficult to meet.
C. Energy-intensive research work is inevitable.
D. The goals of researchers ought to be realistic.
英语（一）试题第6 页（共14页）

----- PAGE 8 -----
Text 3
Ever since taking on Netflix Inc. at its own game, old Hollywood has struggled to
turn a profit in streaming, with the likes of Disney+? Peacock and Paramount+ losing
billions of dollars each year, sparking concerns that the services will never be as
profitable as cable once was. But the age of streaming has been a boon for some
unintended winners: pirates that use software to rip a film or television show in seconds
from legitimate online video platfbnns and host the titles on their own, illegitimate
services, which rake in about $2 billion annually from ads and subscriptions.
With no video production costs, illegal streaming sites have achieved profit margins
approaching 90%, according to the Motion Picture Association (MPA), a trade group
representing Hollywood studios thafs working to crack down on the thousands of illegal
platforms that have cropped up in recent years.
Initially the rise of legitimate online businesses such as Netflix actually helped curb
digital piracy, which had largely been based on file uploads. But now piracy involving
illegal streaming services as well as file-sharing costs the US economy about $30
billion in lost revenue a year and some 250,000 jobs, estimates the US Chamber of
Commerce's Global Innovation Policy Center. The global impact is about $71 billion
annually.
“ The people who are stealing our movies and our television shows and operating
piracy sites are not mom and pop operations,“ says Charlie Rivkin, chief executive
officer of the MPA. "This is organized crim e.R ivkin joined the MPA in 2017 after
the organization failed five years earlier to build consensus between Hollywood and
Silicon Valley to win passage of legislation in Congress aimed at stopping online
piracy. In 2017 the association formed the Alliance for Creativity and Entertainment
(ACE), an enforcement task force of about 100 detectives circling the globe to help local
authorities arrest streaming pirates.
ACE says it's helped shrink the number of illegal streaming services in North
America to 126, from more than 1,400 in 2018, aided in part by the MPA's support for a
2020 federal law that made large-scale streaming of copyright material a serious crime.
Consulting firm Parks Associates predicts that legitimate US streaming services9
■
I
cumulative loss from piracy since 2022 will reach $113 billion in the next two years.
u While there is some optimism that emerging countermeasures and best practices may
see piracy begin to plateau by 2027, there is no consensus among stakeholders as to
when it may begin to decline,“ says analyst Steve Hawley.
英语（一）试题第7 页（共14页）

----- PAGE 9 -----
31. According to Paragraph 1, legitimate streaming services
A. have drawn lessons from Hollywood.
B. have surpassed cable in revenue.
, : ・・・・ 
•- 
—
 
•1 
. 
,
C. are unpopular with advertisers.
D. are confronted with a real threat.
■. 
■ 
■ ■ ■ ■ 
■ ■­
32. It can be learned that streamers like Netflix
A. played a part in the fight against illegal file-sharing.
B. reaped benefits from the war with digital pirates.
C. promised to become big job creators in the US.
D. used to collaborate with file-uploading platforms.
33. It can be inferred from Paragraph 4 that the MPA
A. was denied cooperation by Silicon Valley.
B. led a national protest against online piracy.
C. was urged to form an enforcement task force.
D. failed to win support from local authorities.
34. According to Hawley, digital piracy
A. cannot be checked in spite of new legislation.
B. will possibly overwhelm legitimate streamers.
C. is unlikely to diminish in the near fixture.
D. has been underestimated by some analysts.
■ 
' 
J 
. ■
35. Which of the following is emphasized in the text?
A. The need to coordinate anti-piracy action.
B. The criminal nature of copyright violation.
C. The prospect of eliminating online piracy.
D. The economic harm from illegal streaming.
英语（一）试题第8 页（共14

----- PAGE 10 -----
Text 4
Visit any antiques store and you'll encounter artifacts from the past: photographs,
letters, a brochure detailing the Sinclair dinosaur exhibit from the 1964-1965 World's
Fair, the ephemera of history. Yet these objects aren't truly ephemeral, because they're
still here, decades, even centuries later. Why? Because they're tangible.
Have you pondered the life cycle of intangible formats, digital information, given
that those who produce these artifacts seldom make provision for their long-term
preservation? For millennia, we've known what we9ve known due to artifacts that have
survived, often despite their original creators9 neglect. The thing itself is the medium that
delivers the information. At the time of creation, no attempts were made at intentional
preservation, yet analog materials have a chance of surviving and serving as the
historical record that biographers, historians, and novelists rely on. Libraries and
archives have traditionally shouldered the responsibility of organization, preservation,
and access to information. Thus, librarians digitize the tangible so that researchers the
world over can quickly search and access their holdings. The result is an embarrassment
of historical riches, which brings its own needle-and-haystack problems.
Librarians9 selfless devotion can act against us when users point to universality of
access by holding up a cellphone and saying, "it's all in here" as evidence that libraries
are less vital for researchers today. Yet how was that universality of access made possible
and, perhaps more importantly, how is it maintained? Who curates what is preserved?
When it comes to bom-digital information, the terrifying answer can be: if not librarians
and archivists, then no one. Digital mformation requires a great deal more care than analog.
Even when a digital object is preserved, it may only be the carrier thafs saved, not
the information itself. As technology advances and a format becomes obsolete, the
object is useless. Have you ever stared helplessly at a ZIP disk, thinking: how do I get
the files off this? Without constant migration of digital assets, a nightmare about the
foreseeable future is what keeps historians up at night: a historical record that abruptly
stops when digital replace analog.
As a librarian whose day job revolves around special collections and digital assets,
I share the night terrors of historians, and Td be lying if I said a comprehensive
preservation solution currently exists. Yet researchers can take some comfort in the fact
that there are a multitude of librarians devoted to discovering, organizing, and preserving
digital information fbr researchers current and future. Librarians are uniquely positioned
to understand how end users seek and use information. Thus we play an integral role in
identifying, preserving, and providing accessibility to digital artifacts so that, while
future researchers may find the digital realm a challenging place to ply their trade, they
won't find it an impossible one.
英语（一）试题第9 页（共14页）

----- PAGE 11 -----
36. The author mentions the artifacts from the past to
A. introduce the collection of antiques.
B. contrast them with everyday items.
C. bring up the issue of preservation.
D. comment on their historical value.
37. Compared with digital objects, tangible artifacts
A. are less subject to their creators9 neglect.
B. convey information in a more direct way.
C. require more intentional preservation.
D. are less likely to suffer serious damage.
38. According to Paragraph 3, librarians9 work may result in
A. oversupply of materials.
B. undervaluation of libraries.
C. researchers9 underperformance.
D. users9 overreliance on technology.
39. The “ZIP disk” is cited as an example to show
A. the hazard of retrieving files through unusual means.
B. the infeasibility of constantly migrating digital assets.
C. the possibility of losing information in obsolete formats.
D. the inconvenience of storing information on analog devices.
40. Which of the following statements best summarizes the text?
A. Hard work should be done to preserve artifacts.
B. Contributions of librarians should be recognized.
C. Accessing databases is essential to researchers.
D. Keeping digital historical records is a challenge.
英语（一）试题第10页（共14页）

----- PAGE 12 -----
Part B
“中
Directions：
The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For questions 41-45, you are
required to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent text by choosing from the list
A-H and filling them into the numbered boxes. Paragraphs A, C, and H have been
correctly placed. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. （10 points）
A. Peters likes to photograph butterflies in a landscape, celebrating the beauty of their
surroundings as well as the insects themselves. His pictures of a Glanville fritillary
rising from the sea-pinks beside the chalk cliffs of Compton Bay on the Isle of Wight
are particularly glorious. These take-off shots are even more challenging because
they require a wide-angle lens, which means he must be less than 2cm from the
butterfly. It's incredibly difficult to get that close to a skittish sun-warmed insect.
Unlike some photographers, who “ cheat” by keeping insects in a fridge to slow
them down, Peters refuses to tamper with wild butterflies.
B. Peters9 signature shot is a butterfly “take-off“，showing the multiple wing-beats of
one butterfly in one frame as it lifts off from a flower. How does he capture it?
Technology helps. A typical digital SLR camera shoots 20 frames a second. He uses
a high-speed OM System which shoots 120 frames a second.
C. Britain has relatively few butterfly species compared with mainland Europe and 80%
are in decline, mostly because intensive chemical farming has reduced many species
to tiny fragments of habitat and small nature reserves. Global heating is benefiting
some species but others are too isolated to find suitable new habitat, and gardening
habits- paving over gardens and using pesticides- aren't helping either. Butterflies
may not pollinate as many , plants as wild bees and hoverflies, but because British
butterflies are the best-studied group of insects in the world, they are an extremely
usefiil indicator of the wider declines in flying insects.
D. Five years ago, at summer's end, Andrew Fusek Peters was diagnosed with bowel
cancer. UI was waiting for surgery, feeling really ill, sitting in my garden. It was
amazing weather and there were painted lady butterflies everywhere,“ he says.
“ They were a symbol of fragile life, of hope and defiance, and something appealed
to my soul.”
E. That makes it sound easy, and artificial, but Peters insists it is still a massive
challenge. He typically takes between 10,000 and 20,000 shots to get one butterfly
英语（一）试题第11页（共14页）

----- PAGE 13 -----
take-off sequence in fbcus. At such high shutter speeds, the depth of field is tiny, and
as butterflies do not fly in a straight line they swiftly flutter out of fbcus. As well as
thousands of attempts, it takes patience and fieldcraft to anticipate a butterfly's likely
flight-line—and catch it- in fbcus.
F. So whafs the appeal of a long, sweaty day in pursuit of an elusive, fast-moving wild
animal? "It just feels bloody brilliant," says Peters. u If Tve had a full day of good
encounters with butterflies, met interesting butterfly people and Fve got some good
shots, that becomes a vault in my spiritual bank. Ifs a happy feeling
G. A children's author and poet who had become a keen amateur photographer, Peters
watched the butterflies and idly wondered if he could capture them in flight. It
swiftly became an obsession as he recovered from a successful operation to remove
the caiieer. In recent summers, he has travelled the length and breadth of Britain to
photograph all 58 native species of butterfly. Now the fruits of those summers have
been published in a beautiful new book.
H. A butterfly takes off so quickly it is still impossible to react quickly enough to
capture that take-off but if he half-presses the shutter, the camera saves the 70
previous frames before the moment he actually takes the picture. "It's time travel, so
I don't miss the moment of take-off,he says. After he's captured the butterfly taking
off, he layers 10 to 15 frames together in Photoshop.
|41. . |一反
C —| 4
3
. H t
|44. 
A —|45.
英语（一）试题 第12页（共14页）

----- PAGE 14 -----
Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Write your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
Innovation and research have relied on public participation in science for centuries.
It was a musician who discovered the planet Uranus in the 18th century by making his
own telescope with mirrors composed of copper and tin. (46) Recent decades have seen
science move into a convention where engagement in the subject can only be done
through institutions, such as a university. Citizen science provides an opportunity fbr
greater public engagement and the democratisation of science.
In the information era, large data sets, small teams and financial restrictions have
slowed scientific process. (47) But by utilising the natural curiosity of the general public
it is possible to overcome many of these challenges by engaging noil-scientists directly
in the research process. Anyone can be a citizen scientist, regardless of age, nationality
or academic experience. You don't even need any formal training, just an inquisitive
mind and the enthusiasm to join one of the thousands of citizen science projects to
generate new knowledge and the means to understand a genuine scientific outcome.
(48) Scientists have employed a variety of ways to engage the general public in
their research, such as making data analysis into an online game or sample collection
into a smartphone application. They've implored citizens to help with bug counting and
categorising cancer cells, and even identifying distant galaxies.
This form of accessible science means that great minds are able to join the race to
create and develop projects with the potential to change the world. A citizen science-
based approach can extend the field of vision and include different ideas and different
brains to problem-solve and create, making innovation faster and more effective.
The rise of citizen science has grown alongside the rise of do-it-yourself biology
laboratories around the world. (49) These groups of people are part of a rapidly
expanding biotechnological social movement of citizen scientists and professional
scientists seeking to take discovery out of institutions and put it into the hands of
anyone with the enthusiasm.
There are around 40 official do-it-yourself biology centres across the globe in
locations including Paris, London, Sydney, and Tel Aviv. (50) They pool resources,
collaborate, think outside the box, and find solutions and ways around obstacles to
explore science fbr the sake of science without the traditional boundaries of working
inside a formal setting. So is it time to take the Petri dish out of the laboratory and into
the garage?
英语（一）试题 第13页（共14页）

----- PAGE 15 -----
Section HI 
Writing
Part A
51. Directions：
Read the following email from your classmate Paul and write him a reply.
Dear Li Ming,
I was really excited to hear that you5d invite some young craftsmen to demonstrate
their innovative craft-making on campus. May I know more about what they'll
show? Also, rd like to help with your preparation work. Please let me know what I
can do.
Yours,
Pau]
Write your answer in about 100 words on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not use your own name in your email; use “Li Ming” instead. (10 points)
Part B
,■ 
, 1 
■ 
-
52. Directions：
Write an essay of 160-200 based on the following table. In your essay, you should
1) describe the table briefly,
2) explain its intended meaning, and
3) give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)
近年来全国居民平均每百户年末主要耐用消费品拥有量
年份
空调（台）
洗衣机（台）
电冰箱（台）
2014
75.2
83.7
85.5
2017
96.1
91.7
95.3
2020
117.7
96.7
101.8
2023
145.9
98.2
103.4
世纪高教编辑部• 英语（一）试题 第14页（共1 4 页）
