
----- PAGE 1 -----
Part I
2022年06月大学英语六级考试真题（第1 套）
Writing
扫码获音频
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Nowadays more and more people choose to live an environmentally friendly
lifestyle.w You can make comments, cite examples, or use your personal experiences to develop
your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II
Section A
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He is a staff writer.
B) He is an adventurer.
C) He is an author of fiction.
D) He is a father of four kids.
2. A) They are interested in fairy tales.
B) They are curious and autonomous.
3. A) He offers them ample editorial guidance.
B) He recommends model essays to them.
4. A) Her tastes in books changed.
B) She realized the power of reading.
C) Her reading opened her eyes to the world.
D) She began to perceive the world differently.
C) They are a headache to their parents.
D) They are ignorant of politics.
C) He gives them encouragement.
D) He teaches them proofreading.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) She is a website designer.
B) She is a university graduate.
6. A) They were repeatedly rejected by shops.
B) They were popular with her classmates.
7. A) She had a strong interest in doing it.
B) She did not like ready-made clothes.
C) She could not find clothes of her size.
D) She found clothes in shops unaffordable.
8. A) Study fashion design at college.
B) Improve her marketing strategy.
C) She is a main street store owner.
D) She is a successful entrepreneur.
C) They showed her natural talent.
D) They were mostly failures.
C) Add designs fbr women.
D) Expand her business.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 2 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After
you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Utilizing artificial intelligence to find a powerful new antibiotic.
B) Discovering bacteria which are resistant to all known antibiotics.
C) Identifying bacterial strains that are most harmful to human health.
D) Removing a deadly strain of bacteria in humans with a new antibiotic.
10. A) Ever-increasing strains of bacteria.
B) Bacteria's resistance to antibiotics.
C) The similarity between known drugs.
D) The growing threat of bacteria to health.
11. A) Dispense with experimental testing.
B) Predict whether compounds are toxic.
C) Foresee human reaction to antibiotics.
D) Combat bacteria's resistance to antibiotics.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) By theorization.
B) By generalization.
13. A) They are easy to detect.
B) They are well intended.
14. A) Mostly by chance.
B) Basically objective.
C) By observation.
D) By conversation.
C) They are groundless.
D) They are harmless.
C) Subject to their mental alertness.
D) Dependent on their analytical ability.
15. A) Looking the speaker in the eye.
B) Listening carefully to the speaker.
C) Measuring the speaker's breathing rate.
D) Focusing on the speaker's facial expressions.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They don't treat patients with due respect.
B) They witness a lot of doctor-patient conflicts.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第2 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 3 -----
C) They have to deal with social workers' strikes.
D) They don't care how much patients have to pay.
17. A) Appear submissive and grateful to doctors and nurses.
B) Express a strong desire to be consulted or informed.
C) Refrain from saying anything that sounds negative.
D) Note down the names of all the doctors and nurses.
18. A) Cooperative. 
C) Passive.
B) Appreciative. 
D) Responsive.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Its members work together despite risks of failure.
B) It prioritizes recruiting young energetic members.
C) Its members stay in touch even after it breaks up.
D) It grows more and more mature professionally.
20. A) Their differences are likely to impact productivity.
B) Their similarity is conducive to future collaboration.
C) Their connections strengthen with the passage of time.
D) Their mutual understanding stems from a common goal.
21. A) It is characterized by diversity.
B) Its goals are quite inconsistent.
C) Its members have similar backgrounds.
D) It is connected by a unique mechanism.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Putting aside twenty percent of one's earnings.
B) Spending in anticipation of becoming wealthy.
C) Living off a small proportion of one's income.
D) Saving as much as one can possibly manage.
23. A) It empowers them to cope with irrational emotions.
B) It will guarantee the profits from their investments.
C) It will turn them into successful financial planners.
D) It enables them to focus on long-term investments.
24. A) They count on others to take the responsibility.
B) They change their investment strategy in time.
C) They think they themselves are to blame.
D) They persist rather than get discouraged.
25. A) They do not resist novel lifestyles.
B) They do not try to keep up with others.
C) They do not care what they have acquired.
D) They do not pressure themselves to get rich.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第3 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 4 -----
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
The city of Bath was founded by the Romans almost two thousand years ago. It has
been famous for its 
26 
pleasing architecture and healing thermal springs ever since.
There are three hot springs in Bath; one is the King's Spring, upon which the Roman
Baths and a temple were 
27 
. The other two are the Cross Spring and the Hetling
Spring, close to each other in Hot Bath Street. Although Bath is 
28 
known as a
Roman and Georgian city, many people came in the intervening centuries to make use of
the 
29 
waters.
While the Georgians made 'taking the waters5 or bathing particularly fashionable, it
was 
30 
generations who paved the way, creating greater interest in Bath and its
springs. Charles II , desperate fbr an heir and unable to produce a 
31 
son, came to
Bath to take the waters in the hope that their magical powers would do something to
32 
the situation. Craving for a male heir, James and Mary both came to Bath and soon
after produced a son, which bred many conspiracy theories about who was the real father of
their 
33 
. Regardless, the 'miracle' created something of a boom in tourism for Bath
and once Queen Anne had paid a visit in 1702, sealing it as the place to be, the whole
nation 
34 
to the city.
Afterwards, the spas (矿泉疗养浴场)in Bath continued to go in and out of fashion for
more than 150 years until they closed completely. The new Bath Spa, which opened in 2006,
35 
modem architecture with the ancient spring, now the New Royal Bath.
A) aesthetically
I) offspring
B) constructed
J) previous
C) designates
K) principally
D) extract
L) remedy
E) flocked
M) rhetorically
F) incorporates
N) sneaked
G) legitimate
O) versatile
H) natural
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第4 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 5 -----
The Doctor Will Skype You Now
A） Fazila is a young woman that has been dealing with eczema （湿疹），a common skin
condition, fbr the past five years, but never got it treated. The nearest hospital is an hour
away, by boat and bus, and her skin condition didn't seem serious enough to make the
trek, so she ignored it_until a new technology brought the doctor to her. Fazila lives on
one of the remote river islands in northern Bangladesh. These islands are low-lying,
temporary sand islands that are continuously formed and destroyed through sand
buildup and erosion. They are home to over six million people, who face repeated
displacement from flooding and erosion- which may be getting worse because of
climate change- and a range of health risks, including poor nutrition, malaria （疟疾）
and other water-borne diseases.
B） The most dangerous thing fbr these remote island dwellers is land erosion. The second
is lack of access to medical supplies and doctors. There are no doctors within miles, and
while child mortality and maternal death have gone down in the rest of the country, this
is not the case for the islands. The medical situation is so bad that it really takes away
from the quality of their life. Yet fbr many island inhabitants- some of Bangladesh's
poorest~~paying fbr health care is a costly ordeal. Victims of erosion lose their houses,
agricultural land and jobs as farmers, fishermen and day laborers. Though government
hospitals are free, many people hesitate to go, citing long commutes, endless lines and
questionable diagnoses. For convenience's sake, one-third of rural households visit
unqualified village doctors, who rely on unscientific methods of treatment, according to
a 2016 study in the peer-reviewed journal Global Health Action.
C） On the islands, there's even a colloquial （口 头的）expression for the idea of making
medical care your lowest priority: Ifs known as “rog pushai rakha“ in Bengali, which
roughly translates to ''stockpiling their diseases^^一waiting to seek medical attention
until a condition becomes extremely serious. Now, a new virtual medical service called
Teledaktar （TD） is trying to make health care more easily accessible. Every week, TD's
medical operators travel to the islands by boat, carrying a laptop, a portable printer for
prescriptions and tools to run basic medical screenings such as blood pressure, blood
sugar, body temperature and weight. They choose an area of the island with the best
Internet reception and set up a makeshift （临时凑合的）medical center which consists
of plastic stools and small tables borrowed from the locals5 homes, a tent in case of rain
and a sheet that is strung up to give the patients privacy during their session.
D） Launched in October 2018, TD has eight centers in towns and villages across rural
Bangladesh and on three islands. It is funded by a nonprofit organization founded by
Bangladeshi entrepreneurs, finance and technology professionals. Inside the center, the
laptop screen lights up to reveal Dr. Tina Mustahid, TD's head physician, live-streamed
（网 络直寸番）from the capital city of Dhaka fbr free remote medical consultations.
Affectionately called Doctor Apa— “older sister“ in Bengali- by her patients, she is
one of three volunteer doctors at TD.
E） “I diagnose them through conversation,says Dr. Mustahid. "Sometimes ifs really
obvious things that local doctors don't have the patience to talk through with their
patients. For example, a common complaint mothers come in with is that their children
refuse to eat their meals. The mothers are concerned they are dealing with indigestion,
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第5 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 6 -----
but ifs because they are feeding the children packaged chips which are cheap and
convenient. I tell them it is ruining their appetite and ask them to cut back on unhealthy
snacks.55 Dr. Mustahid says building awareness about health and nutrition is important
for island patients who are cut off from mainland resources.
F) Even off the islands, Bangladesh faces a critical deficit of health services. The country
has half the doctors-per-person ratio recommended by the World Health Organization:
roughly one doctor per 2,000 people, instead of one doctor per 1,000 people. And of
those physicians, many are concentrated in cities: 70% of the country's population live
in rural areas, yet less than 20% of health workers practice there. Over 70% of TD's
3,000 patients are female, in part because many are not comfortable speaking with local
doctors who tend to be male. The rural women are mostly not literate or confident
enough to travel on their own to the nearest town to visit medical facilities. Many have
spent their entire lives rebuilding their homes when the islands flood. Early marriage
and young motherhood, which are prevalent in these parts of Bangladesh, also
contribute to the early onset of health problems.
G) For most TD patients on the islands, Dr. Mustahid is the first big-city doctor that
they've ever consulted. TD doctors are not meant to treat serious illnesses or conditions
that require a doctor to be physically present, such as pregnancy. But they can write
prescriptions, diagnose common ailments- including digestive issues, joint pain, skin
diseases, fever and the common cold—and refer patients to doctors at local hospitals.
The visit is also an opportunity for the patients, especially women, to air their concerns
about aging, motherhood and reproductive health according to Dr. Mustahid. The
doctors also offer health, dietary and lifestyle advice where necessary, including insight
on everything from recognizing postnatal (产 后的) depression to daily exercise. Dr.
Mustahid regularly recommends her patients to take a daily thirty-minute morning walk
before the sun gets too intense.
H) After a few sessions about general health issues Fazila finally opened up about
something else that was bothering her: her persistent skin condition. It can get
expensive to travel to the doctor, so usually the women living on the islands describe
their illness to their husbands. The husbands then go to the pharmacy, try to describe the
issue and return home with some random medicines. Nothing worked for Fazila until
she started seeing Dr. Apa.
I) Other nonprofits are also starting to provide health services on the islands. A local
non-governmental organization called Friendship operates floating boat hospitals that
provide health services to islands all over Bangladesh, docking at each fbr two months
at a time. Friendship also runs satellite clinics in which one doctor and one clinic aide
who are residents of the community disperse health and hygiene information.
J) TD still has a few major challenges. Many residents complain the medicines they are
prescribed are sometimes unaffordable, but the government isn't doing enough for them.
Patients often ask why the medicine isn't free along with the consultation from the
doctors. The organizations are linked to local pharmacies and offer discounts to the
patients and make sure to prescribe the most cost-effective brands, but still many
residents can't afford even that.
K) Nevertheless, TD's remote consultations seem to be popular: Of 3,000 patients, at least
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第6 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 7 -----
200 have returned for follow-ups, according to TD. The reason, explains one resident,
might be the simple gesture of treating the island inhabitants with respect. "Dr. Apa is
patient,he says, “At government hospitals, the doctors treat us very badly, but here
they listen to us, I can repeat myself many times and no one gets annoyed.5,
36. Some children on the remote islands won't eat their meals because they are fed cheap
junk food.
37. Unlike other parts of Bangladesh, the number of women who die from giving birth
remains high on the river islands.
38. One big problem many islanders have is that they can't afford the prescribed medicines,
even with discounts offered.
39. TD is a virtual medical service financially supported by one of the nation's nonprofit
organizations.
40. TD doctors are welcome to the islanders because they treat the sick with respect and
patience.
41. Women islanders tend to have health problems early partly because they get married
and give birth early.
42. TD doctors make weekly visits to the remote islands to provide services at a temporary
medical center.
43. TD doctors provide the islanders with online diagnoses and treatments for common
diseases.
44. The residents of the river islands have to keep moving their homes because of floods
and land erosions.
45. Women islanders usually rely on their husbands to get some medicines for them without
diagnoses and prescriptions.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Selective colleges and universities in the U.S. are under fire for being too elite and too
expensive, and for not training graduates for the world of work. Such charges ignore the
fact that these institutions continue to prepare students for success in their work, for
thoughtful engagement in civic life, for lifelong learning, and for understanding the world
and those with whom they live.
These colleges and universities must be doing something right. Applications are at
record highs, and their financial aid programs make them more accessible than ever. This
model of education has long played a central role in creating opportunity, driving economic
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第7 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 8 -----
growth, and spurring innovation.
Yet, there is growing skepticism about the value of this model. The recent tax reform
bill is a wake-up call that our strongest colleges and universities are under assault by some
in government. The initial proposals would have made education unaffordable for many by
taxing tuition waivers for graduate students and ending deductions for student loan interest.
Thankfully, these provisions were ultimately stripped from the bill, but lawmakers let stand
a new tax on the investment income of some colleges and universities.
While these attacks are motivated by misguided ideas, we need to do a better job of
explaining why these claims are false and why what we do is valuable. We cannot take for
granted that any of this is obvious.
It is often said that elite colleges and universities do not train students, particularly
those who study the liberal arts, for the workforce. But this can be refuted by scholarly
research. The data are clear: a liberal arts education is great career preparation, both for
excellent lifetime earnings and for satisfaction with the work. This education develops the
skills of critical thinking, rigorous analysis of data and facts, communication with the
written and spoken word, understanding of cultural differences and issues, and the ability to
keep learning. In fact, liberal arts graduates do extremely well in every imaginable field.
Access to an education at selective colleges and universities is now more available
than ever to low-and middle-income families. We have built endowments from donations
by alumni (^ X ) and parents who understand and appreciate our mission to provide access
and opportunity, and a significant portion of the returns from these endowments is used to
fund financial aid.
Ironically, the new tax on endowments drains financial aid funds from the very schools
most able to offer opportunity to those who have earned a spot but cannot otherwise afford
this education. Beyond the virtue of access to those who have earned a place at these
schools, the diversity of economic backgrounds enhances the education and experience of
all of our students.
46. What fact does the author emphasize concerning selective colleges and universities?
A) They have been ignoring the training of graduates for the world of work.
B) They have been doing well in ensuring their students a successful future.
C) They have been constantly attacked for being too elite and too expensive.
D) They have been actively engaged in civic life beyond the school campus.
47. What does the author say in arguing for the model of education in the U.S.?
A) It has contributed substantially to the nation's overall development.
B) It has succeeded in maintaining sustainable financial aid programs.
C) It has given priority to innovative programs for graduate studies.
D) It has played a central role in attracting international applicants.
48. What do we learn about the initial proposals concerning the recent tax reform bill?
A) They would have stripped many students of lifb's chances.
B) They would have deducted graduate student loan interest.
C) They would have added to many students' financial burden.
D) They would have increased the number of tuition waivers.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第8 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 9 -----
49. What do the data show about elite colleges and universities?
A) Their graduates lack the rigor required for doing statistical analysis.
B) Their students prove to be inadequately prepared for their future careers.
C) Their fbcus on research is conducive to developing students' critical thinking.
D) Their liberal arts education enables graduates to excel in whatever field they are in.
50. What is an advantage of providing financial aid for students?
A) Every student can choose the institution they wish to attend.
B) All students can benefit from a diversified student population.
C) All students will be able to earn a place on university campus.
D) Less privileged students will be more competitive at elite schools.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
When a group of Australians was asked why they believed climate change was not
happening, about 36% said it was “common sense”, according to a report published last
year by the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization. This was the
most popular reason fbr their opinion, with only 11% saying their belief that climate change
was not happening was based on scientific research.
But what do we mean by an appeal to common sense? Presumably ifs an appeal to
rationality of some sort that forms the basis of more complex reasoning. The appeal to
common sense, however, is usually nothing more than an appeal to thinking that just feels
right, but what feels right to one person may not feel right to another. Whether it feels right
is usually a reflection of the world view and ideologies we have internalised, and that
frames how we interact with new ideas. When new ideas are in accord with what we
already believe, they are more readily accepted. When they are not, they, and the arguments
that lead to them, are more readily rejected.
We often mistake this automatic compatibility testing of new ideas with existing beliefs
as an application of common sense, but, in reality, it is more about judging than thinking.
As Nobelist Daniel Kahneman notes in Thinking, Fast and Slow, when we arrive at
conclusions in this way, the outcomes also feel true, regardless of whether they are. We are
not psychologically well equipped to judge our own thinking.
We are also highly susceptible to a range of cognitive biases such as giving preference
to the first things that come to mind when making decisions or giving weight to evidence.
One way we can check our internal biases and inconsistencies is through the social
verification of knowledge, in which we test our ideas in a rigorous and systematic way to
see if they make sense not just to us, but to other people. The outstanding example of this
socially shared cognition is science.
That does not mean that individuals are not capable of excellent thinking, nor does it
mean no individual is rational. But the extent to which individuals can do this on their own
is a function of how well integrated they are with communities of systematic inquiry in the
first place. You can't learn to think well by yourself.
In matters of science at least, those who value their common sense over methodological,
collaborative investigation imagine themselves to be more free in their thinking, unbound
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第9 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 10 -----
by involvement with the group, but in reality they are tightly bound by their capabilities and
perspectives. We are smarter together than we are individually, and perhaps thafs just
common sense.
51. What does the author intend to show by citing the findings from the report published
last year?
A) People seldom appeal to rationality in their thinking.
B) It is often the case that truth lies in the hands of a few.
C) Common sense and science are the two sides of a coin.
D) Few people know if climate change is really happening.
52. What is the appeal to common sense according to the author?
A) It is the basis for the internalisation of individuals? ideologies.
B) It is a series of conceptions formulated from complex reasoning.
C) It is collective wisdom that helps people interact with new ideas.
D) It is something subjective based on what one perceives to be right.
53. What does Daniel Kahneman think is the problem of testing new ideas with existing beliefs?
A) It may lead to incorrect judgment.
B) It makes no use of common sense.
C) It fails to correct mistakes through serious reasoning.
D) It can produce psychologically unacceptable outcomes.
54. What can we do to be less susceptible to cognitive biases?
A) Give equal weight to evidence of both sides in a conflict.
B) Provide convincing examples in developing an argument.
C) Establish socially shared cognition via scientific methods.
D) Avoid inconsistencies when addressing controversial issues.
55. What message does the author try to convey at the end of the passage?
A) Multiple perspectives stimulate people's interest in exploring the unknown.
B) Individuals can enhance their overall capabilities by interacting with others.
C) Individuals should think freely to break from the restrictions of common sense.
D) Collaborative efforts can overcome individuals limitations in scientific inquiry.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
卢沟桥位于天安门广场西南1 5 公里处，横跨永定河，是北京现存最古老的多拱石桥。卢
沟桥最初建成于1192年，1698年重建，由2 8 1 根柱子支撑。每根柱子上都有一头石狮。这
些石狮的头、背、腹部或爪子上都藏着更多的狮子。这些石狮生动逼真、千姿百态，是卢沟
桥石刻艺术的精品。桥上的石狮不计其数，因而北京地区流传着“卢沟桥上的石狮子—
数不
清”的说法。
卢沟桥不仅以其美学特征闻名于世，还被公认为石桥建筑史上的一座丰碑。
2022年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 0 页共1 0 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 11 -----
2022年06月大学英语六级考试真题(第2 套)
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Nowadays more and more people keep learning new skills to adapt to a
fast-changing world." You can make comments, cite examples, or use your personal experiences
to develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2 022年6 月英语六级考试实考1 套听力，本套听力内容与第
1 套完全一致,只是选项顺序不同，故而未重复给出。
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions; In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank 
is identified
by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Thinking kind thoughts about yourself and your loved ones can prove beneficial for
your overall wellbeing, empirical evidence has shown. Researchers carried out an
investigation to explore the 
26 
between having kind thoughts and a person's
psychological state.
For the study, five groups of participants were presented with a different set of audio
instructions, some of which encouraged the participants to think 
27 
about themselves
and others which persuaded them to think in a self-critical manner. After listening to the
audio instructions, the participants were asked to answer a series of questions. These
included whether they felt agitated, how likely they were to show kindness to themselves
and how 
28 
they felt to other individuals.
The participants who were instructed to think kindly about themselves were more
likely to exhibit a bodily response associated with being relaxed and feeling safe. Their
heart rates also dropped, which is a healthy sign of a heart that can respond flexibly to
situations. Yet, 
29 
those who listened to the critical audio clips were noted as having
a higher heart rate and sweat response afterwards, both of which 
30 
feelings of threat
and distress.
Having the ability to switch off the body's natural threat response can 
31 
a
person's immune system. This, in turn, gives them a greater likelihood of recovering
quickly from illness. These findings help us to further understand some of our clinical trials
research findings, where we show that individuals with 
32 
depression benefit
particularly from self-awareness-based 
33 
therapy. They essentially learn to become
more sympathetic to themselves.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第1 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 12 -----
The sense is that for people 
34 
to depression, meeting their negative thoughts
and feelings with 
35 
is a radically different way; that these thoughts are not facts. It
introduces a different way of being and knowing that is quite transformative for many
people.
A) adversely
I) indignantly
B) amiably
J) insulation
C) boost
K) lavish
D) cognitive
L) prone
E) compassion
M) recurrent
F) connected
N) signify
G) correlation
O) surpass
H) fascinated
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
Saving Our Planet
A) In the long view, the human relationship with forests has been one of brutal destruction,
but even it carries elements of slow hope. In the Middle Ages, there was no shortage of
timber in most parts of the world, and few saw cutting down forests as a problem. Yet in
1548 the people of Venice estimated that an important timber supply would last only 30
years at their current rate of usage- but different forest management would make it
possible to meet the demand for many centuries to come. The idea of preserving
resources came out of a concern for the future: a fear of using up resources faster than
they could be replenished (补 充).
B) Economic interests were at the core of this understanding of trees and forests. It would
take more than three centuries before scientists began to understand that timber
production is not the only, and possibly not the most important, function of forests. The
late 19th and early 20th century saw an increasing recognition that forests serve as
habitats for countless animal and plant species that all rely on each other. They take over
protective functions against soil erosion and landslides (塌 方)；they make a significant
contribution to the water balance as they prevent surface runoff; they filter dirt particles,
greenhouse gases and radioactive substances from the air; they produce oxygen; they
provide spaces for recreation and they preserve historic and prehistoric remains. As a
result, forests around the world have been set aside as parks or wilderness areas.
C) Recent years have seen a big change in our view of forests. Peter Wohlleben's book The
Hidden Life o f Trees (2015), an international bestseller, suggests that trees can warn each
other of danger through a “wood wide web” of roots and fungi (真菌).They support each
other through sharing of nutrients and infbnnation, and they even keep ancient stumps
alive by feeding them solutions of sugars. Such insights have made us aware of deep
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第2 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 13 -----
ecological relationships between humans and the more-than-human world.
D) Awareness of ecologies is a recent phenomenon. It was not until the 1940s that the
concept of the “environment“ embracing all living and nonliving things developed. In the
1970s, the term “environment“ gained currency, becoming widely adopted in the English
and Romance languages, and as ^UmwelC ("surrounding world^^) in German. The
emergence of the idea led to the rise of environmental agencies, regulations and
environmental studies, and to environmental science as new, integrated academic
disciplines. It was in 1956 that the very first bachelor of science in environmental studies
was awarded, at the State University of New York College of Forestry at Syracuse. Since
the 1970s—with the rise of “environmentalism”-
environmental studies programmes
have sprung up at hundreds of universities. There is (slow) hope in the fact that scholars
from many different disciplines have adopted the term “environment“ over the past
decades. They are exploring intricate connections within and between complex ecologies,
as well as the impact that human environment-making (through techno-industrial,
economic and other manipulative developments) has had on the biosphere.
E) The rise of the idea of the environment and a scholarly understanding of ecological
processes has influenced new technologies and also politics. We have come to ask
questions about vulnerability and risk, world ecologies, and the relationship between
nature and power. The search for an adequate response to climate change occupies
centre stage in international diplomacy.
F) Social and environmental activists, scientists and indigenous groups have called the
Paris Agreement of the United Nations Climate Change Conference in December 2015
insufficient, weak, or compromised. To some extent, they are right: climate change has
already destroyed tens of thousands of livelihoods, and the situation will worsen in the
near future fbr millions of mostly poorer people, who will join the ranks of those who
have already been displaced by climate change and extreme weather events. But the
Paris Conference nevertheless marked a historic step toward the recognition of the need
fbr action on climate change, the cutting of carbon emissions, and world cooperation.
There were 195 nations that came to the table in Paris and agreed to limits on emissions.
Historically, nothing comparable had happened prior to this. Before the 20th century, a
handful of scientists had been interested in the theoretical relationship between
greenhouse gases and climate change, but only the empirical evidence accumulated
since the late 20th century established a clear connection between the burning of fossil
fuels and a vastly accelerated rise in global temperatures.
G) The current crisis is not the first that humans have encountered, and a look at the
struggles with pollution in recent history reveals transformations that once seemed
unimaginable. The “London fbg“ that came to define the capital through British novels
and thrillers is in reality smog or smoke, a legacy of industrialisation. After a century of
ignorance, London was hit by the Great Smog of December 1952—the worst
air-pollution event in the history of the United Kingdom which caused the deaths of
approximately 12,000 people. Shortly thereafter, public initiatives and political
campaigns led to strict regulations and new laws, including the Clean Air Act (1956).
Today, London has effectively reduced traffic emissions through the introduction of a
Congestion Charge Zone in 2003, and an Ultra Low Emission Zone in 2019.
H) Scientific evidence that we are living in an era of climate change, resource exhaustion
and potential ecological disaster is overwhelming. How do we motivate a public
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第3 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 14 -----
exhausted by never-ending scenarios of doom and disaster, when the challenges seem so
huge and so impossible to solve? Statistics about extinction and the gloom of decline
will not in themselves get us out of our often self^created ecological traps: instead, they
are more likely to result in paralysis and inaction.
I) We need stories and histories of change and transformation: ecological stories that make
us confront the fact that human power is potentially destructive, and that the survival of
our species on this planet depends on the preservation of soil and water, and the habitats
and ecological systems.
J) It is time that we showed successes and accelerations in ecological awareness, action
and restoration: stories that include past successes and future visions about the rise of
urban gardening and of renaturalised riverscapes, of successful protests against polluted
air and water, of the rise of regional markets and slow food, and the planting of trees
around the globe, of initiatives and enterprises that work towards ecological restoration.
The reality of ecological curses seems far greater than the power of the hopes left at the
bottom of Pandora's box. But if we believe that nothing can be changed, then we are
giving up our opportunity to act.
K) Today's saving powers will not come from a deus ex machina (解 围之不申).In an
ever-more complex and synthetic world, our saving powers won't come from a single
source, and certainly not from a too-big-to-fail approach or from those who have been
drawn into the whirlpool of our age of speed. Hope can work as a wakeup call. It
acknowledges setbacks. The concept of slow hope suggests that we can't expect things
to change overnight. If the ever-faster exhaustion of natural resources (in ecological
terms) and the "shrinking of the present” (in social terms) are urgent problems of
humans, then cutting down on exhaustive practices and working towards a “stretching
of the present“ will be ways to move forward.
36. Climate change has wrought havoc on the lives of tens of thousands of people.
37. It took scientists a long time to realise that the function of forests goes far beyond
providing humans with timber.
38. There is abundant evidence that we are now facing a possible ecological disaster.
39. Environmental science became academic disciplines only some sixty years ago.
40. Things cannot change overnight, but reducing the consumption of natural resources will
help solve the ecological crisis.
41. Human perception of forests has undergone a tremendous change in the past years.
42. Recent history shows reduction of pollution, once seemingly impossible, can actually
be accomplished.
43. People began to consider preserving natural resources when they feared they would
have nothing to use in the future.
44. If we doubt our ability to reverse ecological deterioration, we are throwing away the
chance to take action.
45. How to respond effectively to climate change has become the focus of international
diplomacy.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第4 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 15 -----
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Since American idol star Taryn Southern started composing music with AI in 2017,
musicians all over the world have begun wondering about the implications of AI and
modem technology where music production is concerned. Using AI in the creation of music
is perceived by some as a helpful tool and by others as almost “the beginning of the end”.
In Taryn5s case, AI software enabled her to communicate melodies and chords that she
didn't know how to put together herself. The end product was therefore a collaborative
effort, rather than a piece entirely produced by technology. Taryn5s story has a distinctly
positive feel that highlights the advantages of using AI in music production. It can serve as
a source of inspiration, and as an ideal jumping-off point should a musician be hit with
writer's block (文思枯竭).
Contrary to seeing AI as a tool, some musicians consider it to be hugely detrimental to
the music scene. At the moment, because such technology is still so young, the music ifs
producing is not necessarily what we want to hear. In short, it's not of great quality. Those
who have produced their own music, or even fans of authentic, artistic music, will also
argue that a computer could never emulate the work (and human touch) of a true musician.
Music has been an integral part of the story of humans for ages; in fact, the first known
piece of music is believed to be around 3,400 years old. Songs have long been used as a
means of communicating messages and folk stories, covering everything from societal
ethics to world history. Since many people see music as such an inherently human
expression, it is often considered as too precious to impart to technology. The thought of a
computer generating a “random“ piece of music that hasn't been painstakingly created by
an artist is almost seen as sacrilegious (亵渎神圣的).
Regardless of which side of the argument you fall on, it seems likely that the use of AI
in music production will only become more frequent. Our modem world is preoccupied
with technological advancements. Instead of shying away from the idea of this bleak future,
the best approach to take is one of optimism and curiosity. While there are always bound to
be stubborn old-school musicians who refuse to use tech, music producers should consider
AI as something to be embraced. AI music software is still very much in its infancy, but
with more investors interested in the development and outcomes of such technology, and
considering the rapid growth rate of other tech advances in recent years, it's only a matter
of time before Ai-produced music is seen as the new norm.
46. How do some musicians perceive using AI in creating music?
A) It would help to produce more music idols.
B) It would be detrimental to music production.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第5 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 16 -----
C) It would hinder the understanding of authentic music.
D) It would be the beginning of a new era in music creation.
47. 
What does Taryn Southern's story illustrate?
A) AI technology is conducive to music composition.
B) Musicians will be unable to create music without high tech.
C) Musicians are often at their wits, end in their creative effort.
D) AI technology is indispensable to creating melodies and chords.
48. 
Why are some musicians opposed to the use of AI in creating music?
A) Music produced with AI technology lacks humanness.
B) Music created with AI technology is easily emulated.
C) It will depreciate humans' role in music composition.
D) It will deplete young musicians5 creative inspiration.
49. 
Why do many people think music is too precious to impart to AI technology?
A) It cannot be created without pains.
B) It cannot be produced at random.
C) It is part of human life.
D) It is human specific.
50. 
What does the author think of the future of AI music?
A) It will continue to arouse the interest of music investors.
B) It has the prospect of becoming the norm in the future.
C) It will be gradually accepted by old-school musicians.
D) It may eventually lose its freshness and appeal.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
A few weeks ago, a well-meaning professor tried to explain the physiological process
behind viruses and the human body in a tweet and was immediately criticized for a mistake
in his information. He then issued an apology and deleted his erroneous tweet.
Communicating science beyond the academic bubble is necessary to augmenting
public understanding of health and environmental issues and helping individuals make
well-informed personal decisions.
However, scientists who engage in science communication must acknowledge that
even in their area, their expertise is deep but narrow. They need to recognize the constraints
in their own knowledge. That is not to suggest that they only write or present on their own
research, but rather, that they consult with an expert if the topic is outside of their discipline.
Fact-checking with a scientist who works in the specialty will prevent the unintentional
spread of misinfbmiation, and the process of doing so may yield tiny pieces of interesting
new information that can be incorporated.
Some have argued that the public is not educated enough to understand scientific
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第6 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 17 -----
information, especially fbr any complex phenomena, but this is absurd. Science instruction
can be found at all levels of public education with most secondary schools offering classes
on biology, physics, and chemistry. If anything, social media has shown that the public
craves knowledge based on a solid scientific foundation. Even the public discourse that
follows most scientific articles shows that online readers can understand even the most
baffling of scientific principles.
It is equally imperative to emphasize that being an expert on a topic does not
automatically make a scholar qualified to communicate it to a nonscientific audience. A
number of scientists recently have been offering public-aimed explanations of scientific
phenomena. Even though they have appropriate credentials, they often do very little in the
way of explaining. One biologist shared an intricate analogy involving a library, books,
paper, a recipe, ingredients, and a cake to explain the process behind vaccines. Any
explanation that requires a written key to keep track of what each item represents is not a
clear example fbr public consumption.
Science communication is a science in and of itself. It requires rigorous training and
instruction. A scientist should take communication courses that can teach a person how to
identify and eliminate jargon and how to develop effective analogies to explain complex
concepts. One cannot assume communication expertise-imagine if someone just decided that
they were a physicist and started trying to contribute to the field without the necessary
background. Doing a poor job communicating science to the public will only create confusion
and widen the gap between science and society, a gap that scientists are trying to close.
51. What does the author say about communicating science to the general public?
A) It will help them to keep abreast of the latest scientific developments.
B) It is a necessary means to improve their understanding of scientific issues.
C) It will get them more involved in academic debates on environmental problems.
D) It is an effective way to augment scientists5 influence beyond the academic circle.
52. What does the author advise scientists do to deal with topics outside of their specialty?
A) Write or present on them from new angles.
B) Utilize information from diverse sources.
C) Turn to a specialist fbr professional help.
D) Fact-check with colleagues in their field.
53. What does the author say we can learn from social media?
A) A solid academic foundation is essential to understanding baffling scientific principles.
B) Modem technology has facilitated communication between scientists and the public.
C) Scientific articles have gained increasing popularity among the general public.
D) The public's understanding of science is much better than some have claimed.
54. What does the example of the biologist who shared an intricate analogy show?
A) It is helpful to use illustrations in explaining scientific phenomena.
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第7 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 18 -----
B) It is imperative to have appropriate titles to explain scientific issues.
C) A learned scholar is not necessarily a qualified science communicator.
D) A nonscientific audience cannot duly understand principles of science.
55. What does the author suggest scientists do to close the gap between science and society?
A) Explain complex concepts scientifically.
B) Make appropriate use of scientific terms.
C) Take courses in public speaking.
D) Develop communication skills.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
南京长江大桥是长江上首座由中国设计、采用国产材料建造的铁路、公路两用桥，上层
的4 车道公路桥长4589米，下层的双轨道铁路桥长6772米。铁路桥连接原来的天津一浦口
和上海— 南京两条铁路线，使火车过江从过去一个半小时缩短为现在的2 分钟。大桥是南北
交通的重要枢纽，也是南京的著名景点之一。
南京长江大桥的建成标志着中国桥梁建设的一个飞跃，大大方便了长江两岸的物资交流
和人员来往，对促进经济发展和改善人民生活起到了巨大作用。
2022年6 月英语六级真题第2 套 第8 页共8 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 19 -----
2022年06月大学英语六级考试真题(第3 套)
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2022年英语六级考试第3 套试题，除翻译写作外，其余题目
与第2 套完全一致，故而未重复给出。
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the
sentence “Nowadays more and more people take delight in offering help to the needy.w You
can make comments, cite examples, or use your personal experiences to develop your essay.
You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
赵州桥建于隋朝，公元605年左右，长50.82米，宽9.6米，跨度37.37米。天才建筑
师李春设计并监督了桥的建设。赵州桥结构新颖、造型优美。桥有一个大拱，在大拱的两
端有两个小拱，帮助排泄洪水、减轻桥梁重量并节省石材。建成以来，该桥经受了多次洪
水和地震，但其主体结构仍然完好无损，至今仍在使用。
赵州桥是世界桥梁建筑史上的一次创举，是中国古代文明史上的一项杰出成就。类似
设计的桥梁直到14世纪才在欧洲出现，比赵州桥晚了 700多年。
2022年6 月英语六级真题第3 套 第1 页共1 页b y :光速考研

----- PAGE 20 -----
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：本页为插入页，方便大家装订!
