
----- PAGE 1 -----
Part I
2021年06月大学英语六级考试真题（第1 套）
Writing
(30 minutes)
扫码获音频
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay based on the chart
below. You should start your essay with a brief description of the chart and comment on
China's achievements in urbanization. You should write at least 150 words but no more than
200 words.
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He will tell the management how he really feels.
B) He will meet his new manager in two weeks.
C) He is going to attend a job interview.
D) He is going to leave his present job.
2. A) It should be kept private.
B) It should be carefully analyzed.
C) It can be quite useful to senior managers.
D) It can improve interviewees Job prospects.
3. A) It may leave a negative impression on the interviewer.
B) It may adversely affect his future career prospects.
C) It may displease his immediate superiors.
D) It may do harm to his fellow employees.
4. A) Prepare a comprehensive exit report.
B) Do some practice for the exit interview.
C) Network with his close friends to find a better employer.
D) Pour out his frustrations on a rate-your-employer website.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 2 -----
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Her unsuccessful journey.
B) Her month-long expedition.
6. A) She had to live like a vegetarian.
B) She was caught in a hurricane.
7. A) A hurricane was coming.
B) A flood was approaching.
8. A) It was memorable.
B) It was unbearable.
C) Her latest documentary.
D) Her career as a botanist.
C) She had to endure many hardships.
D) She suffered from water shortage.
C) They had no more food in the canoe.
D) They could no longer bear the humidity.
C) It was uneventful.
D) It was fruitful.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After
you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C)
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It diminishes laymen's interest in science.
B) It ensures the accuracy of their arguments.
C) It makes their expressions more explicit.
D) It hurts laymen's dignity and selfesteem.
10. A) They can learn to communicate with scientists.
B) They tend to disbelieve the actual science.
C) They feel great respect towards scientists.
D) They will see the complexity of science.
11. A) Find appropriate topics. 
C) Explain all the jargon terms.
B) Stimulate their interest. 
D) Do away with jargon terms.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) The local gassy hill might start a huge fire.
B) There was oil leakage along the Gulf Coast.
C) The erupting gas might endanger local children.
D) There were oil deposits below a local gassy hill.
13. A) The massive gas underground. 
C) The sand under the hill.
B) Their lack of the needed skill. 
D) Their lack of suitable tools.
14. A) It rendered many oil workers jobless. 
C) It gave birth to the oil drilling industry.
B) It was not as effective as he claimed. 
D) It was not popularized until years later.
15. A) It radically transformed the state's economy.
B) It resulted in an oil surplus all over the world.
C) It totally destroyed the state's rural landscape.
D) It ruined the state's cotton and beef industries.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you yvill hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第2 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 3 -----
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Unsuitable jobs.
B) Bad managers.
C) Insufficient motivation.
D) Tough regulations.
17. A) Ineffective training.
B) Toxic company culture.
C) Lack of regular evaluation.
D) Overburdening of managers.
18. A) It collected feedback from both employers and employees.
B) It was conducted from frontline managers5 point of view.
C) It provided meaningful clues to solving the problem.
D) It was based only on the perspective of employees.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It is seeing an automation revolution.
B) It is bringing prosperity to the region.
C) It is yielding an unprecedented profit.
D) It is expanding at an accelerating speed.
20. A) It exhausts resources sooner.
B) It creates a lot of new jobs.
C) It causes conflicts between employers and employees.
D) It calls for the retraining of unskilled mining workers.
21. A) They welcome it with open arms.
B) They will wait to see its effect.
C) They are strongly opposed to it.
D) They accept it with reservations.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Their cost to the nation's economy is incalculable.
B) They kill more people than any infectious disease.
C) Their annual death rate is about twice that of the global average.
D) They have experienced a gradual decline since the year of 2017.
23. A) They show a difference between rich and poor nations.
B) They don't reflect the changes in individual countries.
C) They rise and fall from year to year.
D) They are not as reliable as claimed.
24. A) Many of them have increasing numbers of cars on the road.
B) Many of them are following the example set by Thailand.
C) Many of them have seen a decline in road-death rates.
D) Many of them are investing heavily in infrastructure.
25. A) Foster better driving behavior.
B) Provide better training for drivers.
C) Abolish all outdated traffic rules.
D) Impose heavier penalties on speeding.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第3 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 4 -----
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
A new study has drawn a bleak picture of cultural inclusiveness reflected in the
children's literature available in Australia. Dr. Helen Adam from Edith Cowan University's
School of Education 
26 
the cultural diversity of children's books. She examined the
books 
27 
in the kindergarten rooms of four day-care centers in Western Australia.
Just 18 percent of 2,413 books in the total collection contained any 
28 
of non-white
people. Minority cultures were often featured in stereotypical or tokenistic ways, for
example, by 
29 
Asian culture with chopsticks and traditional dress. Characters that
did represent a minority culture usually had 
30 
roles in the books. The main
characters were mostly Caucasian. This causes concern as it can lead to an impression that
whiteness is of greater value.
Dr. Adam said children formed impressions about 'difference5 and identity from a
very young age. Evidence has shown they develop own-race 
31 
from as young as
three months of age. The books we share with young children can be a valuable
opportunity to develop children's understanding of themselves and others. Books can also
allow children to see diversity. They discover both similarities and differences between
themselves and others. This can help develop understanding, acceptance and 
32 
of
diversity.
Census data has shown Australians come from more than 200 countries. They speak
over 300 languages at home. Additionally, Australians belong to more than 100 different
religious groups. They also work in more than 1,000 different occupations. uAustralia is a
multicultural society. The current 
33 
promotion of white middle-class ideas and
lifestyles risks 
34 
children from minority groups. This can give white middle-class
children a sense of 
35 
or privilege,Dr. Adam said.
A) alienating
I) representation
B) appreciation
J) safeguarded
C) bias
K) secondary
D) fraud
L) superiority
E) housed
M) temperament
F) investigated
N) tentative
G) overwhelming
O) threshold
H) portraying
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第4 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 5 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer sheet 2.
How Marconi Gave Us the Wireless World
A) A hundred years before iconic figures like Bill Gates and Steve Jobs permeated our
lives, an Irish-Italian inventor laid the foundation of the communication explosion of
the 21st century. Guglielmo Marconi was arguably the first truly global figure in
modem communication. Not only was he the first to communicate globally, he was the
first to think globally about communication. Marconi may not have been the greatest
inventor of his time, but more than anyone else, he brought about a fundamental shift in
the way we communicate.
B) Today's globally networked media and communication system has its origins in the 19th
century, when, for the first time, messages were sent electronically across great distances.
The telegraph, the telephone, and radio were the obvious predecessors of the Internet,
iPods, and mobile phones. What made the link from then to now was the development of
wireless communication. Marconi was the first to develop and perfect this system, using
the recently-discovered “air waves” that make up the electromagnetic spectrum.
C) Between 1896, when he applied for his first patent in England at the age of 22, and his
death in Italy in 1937, Marconi was at the center of every major innovation in electronic
communication. He was also a skilled and sophisticated organizer, an entrepreneurial
innovator, who mastered the use of corporate strategy, media relations, government
lobbying, international diplomacy, patents, and prosecution. Marconi was really interested
in only one thing: the extension of mobile, personal, long-distance communication to the
ends of the earth (and beyond, if we can believe some reports). Some like to refer to him
as a genius, but if there was any genius to Marconi it was this vision.
D) In 1901 he succeeded in signaling across the Atlantic, from the west coast of England to
Newfoundland in the USA, despite the claims of science that it could not be done. In
1924 he convinced the British government to encircle the world with a chain of wireless
stations using the latest technology that he had devised, shortwave radio. There are
some who say Marconi lost his edge when commercial broadcasting came along; he
didn't see that radio could or should be used to frivolous (无聊的)ends. In one of his
last public speeches, a radio broadcast to the United States in March 1937, he deplored
that broadcasting had become a one-way means of communication and foresaw it
moving in another direction, toward communication as a means of exchange. That was
visionary genius.
E) Marconi's career was devoted to making wireless communication happen cheaply,
efficiently, Smoothly, and with an elegance that would appear to be intuitive and
uncomplicated to the user~~user-friendly, if you will. There is a direct connection from
Marconi to today's social media, search engines, and program streaming that can best
be summed up by an admittedly provocative exclamation: the 20th century did not exist.
In a sense, Marconi's vision jumped from his time to our own.
F) Marconi invented the idea of global communication一or, more straightforwardly,
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第5 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 6 -----
globally networked, mobile, wireless communication. Initially, this was wireless Morse
code telegraphy (电寸艮通】礼), the principal communication technology of his day.
Marconi was the first to develop a practical method for wireless telegraphy using radio
waves. He borrowed technical details from many sources, but what set him apart was a
sell-confident vision of the power of communication technology on the one hand,
and,on the other, of the steps that needed to be taken to consolidate his own position as
a player in that field. Tracing Marconi's lifeline leads us into the story of modem
communication itself. There were other important figures, but Marconi towered over
them all in reach, power, and influence, as well as in the grip he had on the popular
imagination of his time. Marconi was quite simply the central figure in the emergence
of a modem understanding of communication.
G) In his lifetime, Marconi foresaw the development of television and the fax machine,
GPS, radar, and the portable hand-held telephone. Two months before he
died,newspapers were reporting that he was working on a “death ray,“ and that he had
“killed a rat with an intricate device at a distance of three feet.^^ By then, anything
Marconi said or did was newsworthy. Stock prices rose or sank according to his
pronouncements. If Marconi said he thought it might rain, there was likely to be a run
on umbrellas.
H) Marconi's biography is also a story about choices and the motivations behind them. At
one level, Marconi could be fiercely autonomous and independent of the constraints of
his own social class. On another scale, he was a perpetual outsider. Wherever he went,
he was never "of " the group; he was always the “other,“ considered foreign in Britain,
British in Italy, and “not American^^ in the United States. At the same time, he also
suffered tremendously from a need fbr acceptance that drove, and sometimes stained,
every one of his relationships.
I) Marconi placed a permanent stamp on the way we live. He was the first person to
imagine a practical application fbr the wireless spectrum, and to develop it successfully
into a global communication system- in both terms of the word; that is, worldwide and
all-inclusive. He was able to do this because of a combination of factors- most
important, timing and opportunity_but the single-mindedness and determination with
which he carried out his self-imposed mission was fundamentally character-based;
millions of Marconi's contemporaries had the same class, gender, race, and colonial
privilege as he, but only a handful did anything with it. Marconi needed to achieve the
goal that was set in his mind as an adolescent; by the time he reached adulthood, he
understood, intuitively, that in order to have an impact he had to both develop an
independent economic base and align himself with political power. Disciplined,
uncritical loyalty to political power became his compass for the choices he had to make.
J) At the same time, Marconi was uncompromisingly independent intellectually. Shortly
after Marconi's death, the nuclear physicist Enrico Fermi—soon to be the developer of
the Manhattan Project- wrote that Marconi proved that theory and experimentation
were complementary features of progress. ''Experience can rarely, unless guided by a
theoretical concept, arrive at results of any great significance...on the other hand, an
excessive trust in theoretical conviction would have prevented Marconi from persisting
in experiments which were destined to bring about a revolution in the technique of
radio-communications.^^ In other words, Marconi had the advantage of not being
burdened by preconceived assumptions.
K) The most controversial aspect of Marconi's life- and the reason why there has been no
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第6 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 7 -----
satisfying biography of Marconi until now_was his uncritical embrace of Benito
Mussolini. At first this was not problematic for him. But as the regressive (侄J 退的)
nature of Mussolini's regime became clear, he began to suffer a crisis of conscience.
However, after a lifetime of moving within the circles of power, he was unable to break
with authority, and served Mussolini faithfully (as president of Italy's national research
council and royal academy, as well as a member of the Fascist Grand Council) until the
day he died- conveniently- in 1937, shortly before he would have had to take a stand
in the conflict that consumed a world that he had, in part, created.
36. Marconi was central to our present-day understanding of communication.
37. As an adult, Marconi had an intuition that he had to be loyal to politicians in order to be
influential.
38. Marconi disapproved of the use of wireless communication for commercial broadcasting.
39. Marconi's example demonstrates that theoretical concepts and experiments complement
each other in making progress in science and technology.
40. Marconi's real interest lay in the development of worldwide wireless communication.
41. Marconi spent his whole life making wireless communication simple to use.
42. Because of his long-time connection with people in power, Marconi was unable to cut
himself off from the fascist regime in Italy.
43. In his later years, Marconi exerted a tremendous influence on all aspects of people's life.
44. What connected the 19th century and our present time was the development of wireless
communication.
45. Despite his autonomy, Marconi felt alienated and suffered from a lack of acceptance.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Humans are fascinated by the source of their failings and virtues. This preoccupation
inevitably leads to an old debate: whether nature or nurture moulds us more. A revolution in
genetics has poised this as a modem political question about the character of our society: if
personalities are hard-wired into our genes, what can governments do to help us? It feels
morally questionable, yet claims of genetic selection by intelligence are making headlines.
This is down to “hereditaria/ ( 遗传论的) science and a recent paper claimed
"differences in exam performance between pupils attending selective and non-selective
schools mirror the genetic differences between them^^. With such an assertion, the work was
predictably greeted by a lot of absurd claims about “genetics determining academic success^^.
What the research revealed was the rather less surprising result: the educational benefits of
selective schools largely disappear once pupils5 inborn ability and socio-economic
background were taken into account. It is a glimpse of the blindingly obvious- and there?s
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第7 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 8 -----
nothing to back strongly either a hereditary or environmental argument.
Yet the paper does say children are ''unintentionally genetically selected^^ by the school
system. Central to hereditarian science is a tall claim: that identifiable variations in genetic
sequences can predict an individual?s aptness to learn, reason and solve problems. This is
problematic on many levels. A teacher could not seriously tell a parent their child has a low
genetic tendency to study when external factors clearly exist. Unlike-minded academics say
the inheritability of human traits is scientifically unsound. At best there is a weak statistical
association and not a causal link between DNA and intelligence. Yet sophisticated statistics
are used to create an intimidatory atmosphere of scientific certainty.
While there ?s an undoubted genetic basis to individual difference, it is wrong to think
that socially defined groups can be genetically accounted fbr. The fixation on genes as
destiny is surely false too. Medical predictability can rarely be based on DNA alone; the
environment matters too. Something as complex as intellect is likely to be affected by many
factors beyond genes. If hereditarians want to advance their cause it will require more
balanced interpretation and not just acts of advocacy.
Genetic selection is a way of exerting influence over others, “the ultimate collective
control of humandestinies,as writer H.G.Wells put it. Knowledge becomes power and
power requires a sense of responsibility. In understanding cognitive ability, we must not
elevate discrimination to a science: allowing people to climb the ladder of life only as far as
their cells might suggest. This will need a more sceptical eye on the science. As technology
progresses, we all have a duty to make sure that we shape a future that we would want to
find ourselves in.
46. What did a recent research paper claim?
A) The type of school students attend makes a difference to their future.
B) Genetic differences between students are far greater than supposed.
C) The advantages of selective schools are too obvious to ignore.
D) Students' academic performance is determined by their genes.
47. What does the author think of the recent research?
A) Its result was questionable.
B) Its implication was positive.
C) Its influence was rather negligible.
D) Its conclusions were enlightening.
48. What does the author say about the relationship between DNA and intelligence?
A) It is one of scientific certainty.
B) It is not one of cause and effect.
C) It is subject to interpretation of statistics.
D) It is not fully examined by gene scientists.
49. What do hereditarians need to do to make their claims convincing?
A) Take all relevant factors into account in interpreting their data.
B) Conduct their research using more sophisticated technology.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第8 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 9 -----
C) Gather gene data from people of all social classes.
D) Cooperate with social scientists in their research.
50. What does the author warn against in the passage?
A) Exaggerating the power of technology in shaping the world.
B) Losing sight of professional ethics in conducting research.
C) Misunderstanding the findings of human cognition research.
D) Promoting discrimination in the name of science.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Nicola Sturgeon's speech last Tuesday setting out the Scottish government?s legislative
programme for the year ahead confirmed what was already pretty clear. Scottish councils
are set to be the first in the UK with the power to levy charges on visitors, with Edinburgh
likely to lead the way.
Tourist taxes are not new. The Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan has a longstanding
policy of charging visitors a daily fee. France's tax on overnight stays was introduced to
assist thermal spa (温泉)towns to develop, and around half of French local authorities use
it today.
But such levies are on the rise. Moves by Barcelona and Venice to deal with the
phenomenon of ttover-tourism^^ through the use of charges have recently gained prominence.
Japan and Greece are among the countries to have recently introduced tourist taxes.
That the UK lags behind is due to our weak, by international standards, local
government, as well as the opposition to taxes and regulation of our aggressively
pro-market ruling party. Some UK cities have lobbied without success for the power to levy
a charge on visitors. Such levies are no universal remedy as the amounts raised would be
tiny compared with what has been taken away by central government since 2010. Still, it is
to be hoped that the Scottish government's bold move will prompt others to act. There is no
reason why visitors to the UK, or domestic tourists on holiday in hotspots such as Cornwall,
should be exempt from taxation_particularly when vital local services including waste
collection, park maintenance and arts and culture spending are under unprecedented strain.
On the contrary, compelling tourists to make a financial contribution to the places they
visit beyond their personal consumption should be part of a wider cultural shift. Westerners
with disposable incomes have often behaved as if they have a right to go wherever they
choose with little regard for the consequences.Just as the environmental harm caused by
aviation and other transport must come under far greater scrutiny, the social cost of tourism
must also be confronted. This includes the impact of short-term lets on housing costs and
quality of life for residents. Several European capitals, including Paris and Berlin, are
leading a campaign for tougher regulation by the European Union. It also includes the
impact of overcrowding, litter and the kinds of behaviour associated with noisy parties.
There is no ttone-size-fits-alF, solution to this problem. The existence of new revenue
streams for some but not all councils is complicated, and businesses are often opposed,
fearing higher costs will make them uncompetitive. But those places that want them must
be given the chance to make tourist taxes work.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第9 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 10 -----
51. What do we learn from Nicola Sturgeon's speech?
A) The UK is set to adjust its policy on taxation.
B) Tourists will have to pay a tax to visit Scotland.
C) The UK will take new measures to boost tourism.
D) Edinburgh contributes most to Scotland's tourism.
52. How come the UK has been slow in imposing the tourist tax?
A) Its government wants to attract more tourists.
B) The tax is unlikely to add much to its revenue.
C) Its ruling party is opposed to taxes and regulation.
D) It takes time for local governments to reach consensus.
53. Both international and domestic visitors in the UK should pay tourist tax so as t
o
.
A) elevate its tourism to international standards
B) improve the welfare of its maintenance workers
C) promote its cultural exchange with other nations
D) ease its financial burden of providing local services
54. What does the author say about Western tourists?
A) They don't seem to care about the social cost of tourism.
B) They don't seem to mind paying for additional services.
C) They deem travel an important part of their life.
D) They subject the effects of tourism to scrutiny.
55. What are UK people's opinions about the levy of tourist tax?
A) Supportive. 
C) Skeptical.
B) Divided. 
D) Unclear.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
海南是仅次于台湾的中国第二大岛，是位于中国最南端的省份。海南岛风景秀丽，气候宜人,
阳光充足，生物多样，温泉密布，海水清澈，大部分海滩几乎全年都是游泳和日光浴的理想场
所，因而被誉为中国的四季花园和度假胜地，每年都吸引了大批中外游客。
海南1988年建省以来，旅游业，服务业，高新技术产业飞速发展，是中国唯一的省级经济
特区。在中央政府和全国人民的大力支持下，海南将建成中国最大的自由贸易试验区。
2021年6 月英语六级真题第1 套第1 0 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 11 -----
Part I
2021年06月大学英语六级考试真题（第2 套）
Writing
(30 minutes)
扫码获音频
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay based on the chart
below. You should start your essay with a brief description of the chart and comment on
China's achievements in higher education. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Part II
Gross enrolment ratio in higher education in China (1990-2019)
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with
a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Weird. 
B) Efficient.
2. A) They are arrogant.
B) They are ignorant.
3. A) They can think big.
B) They can air their views.
4. A) It can alter people's mindsets.
B) It can lead to new discoveries.
C) Tolerant. 
D) Toxic.
C) They are ambitious.
D) They are accommodating.
C) They can break conventions.
D) They can work flexible hours.
C) It enables people to learn and grow.
D) It is conducive to critical thinking.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) He kept looking for the best place to stay.
B) He met many tourists from other countries.
C) He had a great time sightseeing and relaxing.
D) He managed to visit a different city each day.
6. A) Prioritize what is essential to their best advantage.
B) Stretch out the process in search of the optimal.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第1 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 12 -----
C) Deliberate the consequences that may occur.
D) Take all relevant factors into consideration.
7. A) Time pressure.
B) Tight budget.
8. A) Research as many different options as possible.
B) Avoid going over the same options repeatedly.
C) Modem technology.
D) Fierce competition.
C) Focus on what is practical.
D) Trust their gut instinct.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions -will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B),
C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through
the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It is beneficial to poor as well as rich communities.
B) It is conducive to children's future development.
C) It is welcome to parents but not to children.
D) It is not of much help to younger children.
10. A) It may put some students in remote areas at a disadvantage.
B) It gives the majority of students ready access to their teachers.
C) It effectively improves the learning quality of students in rural areas.
D) It can bridge the learning gap between kids of different backgrounds.
11. A) Diligent students tend to do their homework independently.
B) The fbcus of homework should always be on school subjects.
C) Doing homework exerts a positive efBct on kids' personality development.
D) The benefits of doing homework vary widely from individual to individual.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) It was something he apologized for later. 
C) It was a forty-nine-year plan.
B) It was ridiculed by The New York Times. 
D) It was considered visionary.
13. A) It was of great significance to rocket science.
B) It was completed in the state of New Mexico.
C) It was somehow delayed about 12 minutes.
D) It failed due to a sudden change of weather.
14. A) A laboratory and test range was already set up there.
B) Its climate was ideal for year-round rocket launching.
C) A weather expert invited him to go there for his mission.
D) Its remote valleys were appealing to him and his family.
15. A) He won an award from the US government for his work.
B) He gained recognition from rocket scientists worldwide.
C) He was granted over 200 patents in rocket technology.
D) He boosted the military strength of the United States.
Section C
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第2 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 13 -----
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It requires entrepreneurial experience. 
C) It can be quite frustrating.
B) It is usually financially rewarding. 
D) It can be rather risky.
17. A) It contributes to rapid business expansion.
B) It inspires willingness to make sacrifices.
C) It reduces conflict among team members.
D) It encourages creation and innovation.
18. A) They have unrealistic expectations. 
C) Few can find willing investors.
B) They often work without any pay. 
D) Many are idealistic dreamers.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They have better dietary habits.
B) They bear fewer social responsibilities.
C) They are bom with a stronger ability to socialize.
D) They are better able to survive or handle disease.
20. A) They have a limited reproductive ability.
B) They depend on adequate sleep to thrive.
C) They keep dividing throughout one's life.
D) They strengthen with regular exercise.
21. A) The process of ageing can ultimately be brought under control.
B) Improved health care for the elderly will contribute to longevity.
C) Prevention of heart disease and stroke will increase life expectancy.
D) The resolution of age-related diseases will solve the mystery of ageing.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) They are reluctant to follow instructions. 
C) They cannot understand directives.
B) They fail to answer emails promptly. 
D) They do not show due respect.
23. A) They have not been trained to follow the rules.
B) They are not satisfied with the management.
C) They want to avoid unnecessary losses.
D) They find their voice go unheeded.
24. A) When they are on good terms with their managers.
B) When they find their job goals easily attainable.
C) When they find their supervisors helpful.
D) When they are financially motivated.
25. A) They are a useless tool for managers to change employee behavior.
B) They prove to be a good means for managers to give instructions.
C) They should be reserved for urgent communication.
D) They are seldom used for sharing confidential data.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第3 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 14 -----
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
I'm always baffled when I walk into a pharmacy and see shelves bursting with various
vitamins, extracts and other supplements, all promising to accelerate or promote weight loss.
Aisles of marketing genius belie (掩饰)the fact that, 
26 
, weight loss is dictated by the
laws of arithmetic. Economist Jessica Irvine wrote a book about how she used math to help
her lose more than 18 kilograms. If calories taken in are less than calories 
27 
weight
shall be lost, and so it is with money.
Despite the 
28 
of financial products, services and solutions geared towards
accumulating wealth, it all begins with the same 
29 
: getting ahead financially
requires a reduction of spending, so that income is greater than expenses. I was reminded
of this again recently listening to an interview with Nicole Haddow, the author of
Smashed Avocado, explaining how she cracked the property market at 31. It was quite a
30 
, given where she had been two years earlier.
Nicole didn't celebrate her 30th birthday as she had 
31 
. She was sobbing at the
dinner table with her parents, with whom she had just moved back in. She had no stable
income, $ 12,000 in credit-card debt and no plan, but to her 32, her father, an accountant,
told her that her financial 
33 
wasn't as bad as she thought. He said,on her income,
with some changes, she would be able to buy an investment unit within two years, which
she did.
Nieole admitted she was fortunate, as she was able to live with her parents and 
34
her spending- and life- to get herself on track financially. Creating a gap between her
income and spending required a paradigm shift and 
35 
sacrifice and commitment, but
by going into financial lockdown, Nicole gained financial independence.
A)abundance
I) impetus
B) astonishment
J) overhaul
C) entailed
K) permanently
D) envisaged
L) plight
E) equation
M) prosper
F)expended
N) shatter
G) feat
O) ultimately
H) fiscally
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第4 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 15 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer sheet 2.
France's beloved cathedral only minutes away from complete destruction
A) Notre Dame Cathedral in the heart of Paris was within "15 to 30 minutes^^ of complete
destruction as firefighters battled to stop flames reaching its bell towers on Monday
evening, French authorities have revealed. A greater disaster was averted by members
of the Paris fire brigade, who risked their lives to remain inside the burning monument
to create a wall of water between the raging fire and the two towers on the west of the
building.
B) The revelation of how close France came to losing its most famous cathedral emerged as
police investigators questioned workers involved in the restoration of the monument to
try to establish the cause of the devastating blaze. Paris prosecutor Remy Heitz said that
an initial fire alert was sounded at 6:20 pm on Monday evening but no fire was found.
The second alert was sounded at 6:43 pm, and the blaze was discovered on the roof.
C) More than €650 million was raised in a few hours on Tuesday as French business
leaders and global corporations announced they would donate to a restoration campaign
launched by the president, Emmanuel Macron. But as the emergency services picked
through the burnt debris, a row was resurfacing over accusations that the beloved
cathedral, immortalised in Victor Hugo's novel, was already crumbling before the fire.
D) The cathedral is owned by the French state and has been at the centre of a years-long
dispute over who should finance restoration work of the collapsing staircases,
crumbling statues and cracked walls. Jean-Michel Leniaud, the president of the
scientific council at the National Heritage Institute, said: "What happened was bound to
happen. The lack of adequate maintenance and daily attention to such a majestic
building is the cause of this catastrophe.After the blaze was declared completely
extinguished, 15 hours after it started, the junior interior minister, Laurent Nunez, said
the structure had been saved but remained vulnerable. He praised the actions of the
firefighters but admitted the fate of the cathedral had been uncertain. "They saved the
main structure, but it all came down to 15—30 minutes,“ Nunez said.
E) In a surprise televised address on Tuesday evening, Macron said he wanted to see the
cathedral rebuilt within five years. "The fire at Notre Dame reminds us that we will
always have challenges to overcome,5, Macron said, “Notre Dame is our history, our
literature, the centre of our life. It is the standard by which we measure our distances.
Ifs so many books, so many paintings. Ifs the cathedral of every French person, even
those who have never visited it. This history is ours and so we will rebuild Notre Dame.
It is what the French people expect; it is what our history deserves. It is our deep destiny.
We will rebuild Notre Dame so it is even more beautiful than before. I want it done in
the next five years. We can do it. After the time of testing comes a time of reflection and
then of action.”
F) The fire, which had started at the base of the 93-metre spire ( 尖塔)at about 6:40 pm on
Monday, spread through the cathedral's roof^ made up of hundreds of oak beams, some
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第5 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 16 -----
dating back to the 13th century. These beams, known as la fbret ( the forest) because of
their density, formed the cross-shaped roof that ran the length of the central part of the
cathedral. As hundreds of tourists and Parisians stood and watched the flames leaping
from the roof, there was shock and tears as the cathedral spire caught fire, burned and
then collapsed into itself.
G) A collection of dramatic videos and photos quickly spread across social media, showing
the horrifying destruction, and attracting emotional responses from people all over the
world. Indeed, within minutes the fire occupied headlines of every major global
newspaper and television network. This is not surprising given Notre Dame Cathedral,
meaning “Our Lady”, is one of the most recognised symbols of the city of Paris
attracting millions of tourists every year.
H) While the world looked on, the 500 firefighters at the scene then battled to prevent the
flames from reaching the two main towers, where the cathedral bells hang. If the
wooden frame of the towers had caught fire, it could have sent the bells- the largest of
which, the Emmanuel Bell, weighs 13 tons- crashing down, potentially causing the
collapse of both towers. Police and fire services will spend the next 48 hours assessing
the ''security and safety“ of the 850-year-old structure. Nunez said: "We have identified
vulnerabilities throughout the structure, all of which still need securing.As a result,
residents of five buildings around the northern side of the cathedral were being
temporarily evacuated, he added. Architects have identified three main holes in the
structure, in the locations of the spire, the main hall and the upper rooms to the north of
the central aisle. Most of the wooden roof beams have been burned, and parts of the
concrete holding up the roof have collapsed.
I) The interior minister, Christophe Castaner, visited the cathedral on Tuesday afternoon to
see the extent of the devastation. Ash covered the marble diamond-patterned floor and
floated in large pools of grey water from the fire hoses. Behind a heap of blackened oak
beams that lay piled up where they had fallen, daylight from vast holes in the cathedral
roof lit a golden cross over a statue by Nicolas Coustou, which appeared to have
escaped damage. Preliminary inspections also suggested the three ornate (装饰华丽的)
stained glass "rose" windows appeared to have survived the fire, officials said. However,
fire officers have said a complete inventory of the damage will not be possible until the
cathedral structure has been deemed safe.
J) The culture minister, Franck Riester, said religious relics saved from the cathedral were
being securely held at the Hotel de Ville, and works of art that sustained smoke damage
were being taken to the Louvre, the world's largest art museum, where they would be
dried out, repaired and stored. Sixteen copper statues that decorated the spire had been
removed for restoration only a few days before the fire. Relics at the top of the spire are
believed lost as the spire was destroyed. As well as damage from the heat, which
firefighters said reached more than 800 ℃, experts also need to assess damage from the
vast quantities of water firefighters poured into the cathedral. One casualty of this was
The Great Organ constructed in the 1730s, which was said to have escaped the flames
but been significantly damaged by water.
K) French political commentators noted the devastating fire had succeeded where Macron
had failed in uniting the country. But criticism over the original state of the building is
likely to intensify overcoming days. Leniaud told La Croix newspaper: "This is not
about looking fbr people to blame. The responsibility is collective because this is the
most loved monument in the country.^^ Alexandre Gady, an art historian, agreed. "We've
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第6 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 17 -----
been saying for years that the budget for maintaining historic monuments is too low,“
Gady said. The Paris prosecutor's office has opened an inquiry into “involuntary
destruction by fire”, indicating they believe the cause of the blaze was accidental rather
than criminal.
36. The total amount of damage to Notre Dame Cathedral can be assessed only when its
structure is considered safe.
37. Once again people began to argue whether Notre Dame Cathedral was going to collapse
even without the fire.
38. The Notre Dame Cathedral catastrophe was said to have helped unite the French nation.
39. The roof of Notre Dame Cathedral was built with large numbers of densely laid-out
wood beams.
40. Renovation workers of Notre Dame Cathedral were questioned to find out the cause of
the accident.
41. Had the bell towers5 wooden frames burned down, the heavy bells would have crashed
down.
42. The timely action of the firefighters prevented the fire from reaching the Cathedral's
bell towers.
43. Apart from the fire, the water used to extinguish it also caused a lot of damage to Notre
Dame Cathedral.
44. There has been argument over the years as to who should pay for the restoration of
Notre Dame Cathedral.
45. News of the Notre Dame Cathedral catastrophe instantly caught media attention
throughout the world.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
We often think of drawing as something that takes inborn talent, but this kind of
thinking stems from our misclassification of drawing as, primarily, an art form rather than a
tool for learning.
Researchers, teachers, and artists are starting to see how drawing can positively impact
a wide variety of skills and disciplines.
Most of us have spent some time drawing before, but at some point, most of us stop
drawing. There are people who don't, obviously, and thank god for that: a world without
designers and artists would be a very shabby one indeed.
Some argue that so many adults have abandoned drawing because we've
miscategorized it and given it a very narrow definition. In his book, Stick Figures'. Drawing
as a Human Practice, Professor D.B. Dowd argues that we have misfiled the significance
of drawing because we see it as a professional skill instead of a personal capacity.We
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第7 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 18 -----
mistakenly think of "good" drawings as those which work as recreations of the real world,
as realistic illusions. Rather, drawing should be recategorized as a symbolic tool.
Human beings have been drawing for 73,000 years. Ifs part of what it means to be
human. We don't have the strength of chimpanzees ( 大猩猩) because we've given up
animal strength to manipulate subtle instruments, like hammers, spears, and- later_pens
and pencils. The human hand is an extremely dense network of nerve endings. In many
ways, human beings are built to draw.
Some researchers argue that doodling ( 涂画) activates the brain's so-called default
circuit- essentially, the areas of the brain responsible fbr maintaining a baseline level of
activity in the absence of other stimuli. Because of this, some believe that doodling during a
boring lecture can help students pay attention. In one study, participants were asked to
listen to a list of names while either doodling or sitting still. Those who doodled
remembered 29 percent more of the names than those who did not.
There's also evidence that drawing talent is based on how accurately someone
perceives the world. The human visual system tends to misjudge size, shape, color, and
angles but artists perceive these qualities more accurately than non-artists. Cultivating
drawing talent can become an essential tool to improve people's observational skills in
fields where the visual is important.
Rather than think of drawing as a talent that some creative people are gifted in,we
should consider it as a tool for seeing and understanding the world better- one that just so
happens to double as an art form. Both absent-minded doodling and copying from life have
been shown to positively affect your memory and visual perception, so complain loudly the
next time your school board slashes the art departmenfs budget.
46. What do people generally think about drawing?
A) It is a gift creative people are endowed with.
B) It is a skill that is acquired with practice.
C) It is an art form that is appreciated by all.
D) It is an ability everyone should cultivate.
47. What do we learn about designers and artists?
A) They are declining gradually in number.
B) They are keen on changing shabby surroundings.
C) They add beauty and charm to the world.
D) They spend most of their lives drawing.
48. What does Professor D.B.Dowd argue in his book?
A) Everybody is bom with the capacity to draw.
B) Drawing is a skill that requires special training.
C) The value of drawing tends to be overestimated.
D) Drawing should be redefined as a realistic illusion.
49. What have some researchers found from one study about doodling?
A) It is a must fbr maintaining a base level of brain activity.
B) It can turn something boring into something interesting.
C) It is the most reliable stimulant to activate the brain.
D) It helps improve concentration and memory.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第8 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 19 -----
50. What is characteristic of people with drawing talent?
A) Sensitivity to cognitive stimulation.
B) Subtlety of representation.
C) Accuracy in categorization.
D) Precision in visual perception.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
The car has reshaped our cities. It seems to offer autonomy for everyone. There is
something almost delightful in the detachment from reality of advertisements showing
mass-produced cars marketed as symbols of individuality and of freedom when most of
their lives will be spent making short journeys on choked roads.
For all the fuss made about top speeds, cornering ability and acceleration, the most
useful gadgets on a modem car are those which work when you're going very slowly:
parking sensors, sound systems, and navigation apps which will show a way around
upcoming traffic jams. This seems to be one of the few areas where the benefit of sharing
personal information comes straight back to the sharer: because these apps know where
almost all the users are, and how fast they are moving almost all the time, they can spot
traffic congestion (堵塞)very quickly and suggest ways round it.
The problem comes when everyone is using a navigation app which tells them to avoid
everyone else using the same gadget. Traffic jams often appear where no one has enough
information to avoid them. When a lucky few have access to the knowledge, they will
benefit greatly. But when everyone has perfect information, traffic jams simply spread onto
the side roads that seem to offer a way round them.
This new congestion teaches us two things. The first is that the promises of
technology will never be realised as fully as we hope; they will be limited by their
unforeseen and unintended consequences. Siting in a more comfortable car in a different
traffic jam is pleasant but hardly the liberation that once seemed to be promised. The
second is that self-organisation will not get us where we want to go. The efforts of
millions of drivers to get ahead do not miraculously produce a situation in which
everyone does better than before, but one in which almost everyone does rather worse.
Central control and collective organisationcan produce smoother and fairer outcomes,
though even that much is never guaranteed.
Similar limits can be foreseen for the much greater advances promised by self-driving
cars. Last week, one operated by the taxi company Uber struck and killed a woman pushing
her bicycle across a wide road in Arizona. This was the first recorded death involving a car
which was supposed to be folly autonomous. Experts have said that it suggests a
''catastrophic failure“ of technology.
Increasingly, even Silicon Valley has to acknowledge the costs of the intoxicating (令
人陶醉的)hurry that characterises its culture. What traffic teaches us is that reckless and
uncontrolled change is as likely to harm us as it is to benefit us, and that thoughtful
regulation is necessary for a better future.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第9 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 20 -----
51. What does the author say about car advertisements?
A) They portray drivers who enjoy speed on the road.
B) They present a false picture of the autonomy cars provide.
C) They pursue individuality and originality in design concept.
D) They overestimate the potential market of autonomous cars.
52. What does the author imply about the various gadgets on cars?
A) They can help to alleviate traffic jams.
B) Most of them are as effective as advertised.
C) Only some can be put to use under current traffic conditions.
D) They are constantly upgraded to make driving easier and safer.
53. What does the author say about the use of navigation apps?
A) It is likely to create traffic jams in other places.
B) It helps a great deal in easing traffic congestion.
C) It sharply reduces the incidence of traffic accidents.
D) It benefits those who are learning to drive.
54. What does the author say about technology?
A) Its consequences are usually difficult to assess.
B) It seldom delivers all the benefits as promised.
C) It depends on the required knowledge for application.
D) Its benefits are guaranteed by collective wisdom.
55. What key message does the author try to convey in the passage?
A) The consequences of technological innovation need not be exaggerated.
B) There is always a price to pay to develop technology for a better world.
C) Technological innovation should be properly regulated.
D) The culture of Silicon Valley ought not to be emulated.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed. 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
青海是中国西北部的一个省份，平均海拔3000米以上，大部分地区为高山和高原。青海
省得名于全国最大的咸水湖青海湖。青海湖被誉为“中国最美的湖泊”，是最受欢迎的旅游景
点之一，也是摄影师和艺术家的天堂。
青海山川壮丽，地大物博，石油和天然气储量丰富，省内许多城市的经济在石油和天然
气工业带动下得到了长足发展。青海尤以水资源丰富而闻名，是中国三大河流长江，黄河和澜
沧江的发源地，在中国的水生态中发挥着重要作用。
2021年6 月英语六级真题第2 套第1 0 页共1 0 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 21 -----
2021年06月大学英语六级考试真题（第3 套）
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay based on the chart
below. You should start your essay with a brief description of the chart and comment on
China 
achievements in poverty alleviation. You should write at least 150 words but no more
than 200 words.
Rural population in poverty
poverty headcount ratio
(Million people) 
(% of rural population)
100
75
50
25
0
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020
Sources: China's National Bureau of Statistics, China's State Council Leading Group Office of Poverty Alleviation and Development
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes)
淘宝店铺【光速考研工作室】温馨提示：2021年6 月大学英语六级考试全国共考了两套听力，本套的听
力内容与第二套相同，因此本套听力部分不再重复给出。
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the
passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
At 43, Fve reached the stage where women are warned to watch out for the creeping
sadness of middle age. We're served up an endless stream of advice on “how to survive
your 40s ”, as if we're in the endurance stage of a slow limp toward 
26 
. This is the
age women start to become “invisible”—our value, attractiveness and power supposedly
27 
by the vanishing of youth. But I don't feel like I'm fading into 
28 
. 1 feel more
seen than I ever have, and for the first time in my life, I have a clear-eyed view of myself
that is 
29 
, compassionate and accepting.
When I look in the mirror, I'm proud of who I am- even those “broken“ parts that
for so long seemed impossible to love. So when advertisers try to sell me ways to
“turn back the clock”, I have to 
30 
a laugh. I wouldn't go back to the crippling
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第1 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 22 -----
self-consciousness of my youth if you paid me. This hard-won sense of self^acceptance
is one of the joys of being an older woman. But ifs a narrative often 
31 
out by the
shame that marketers rely on to peddle us their diet pills, miracle face creams and
breathable yoga pants- as if self-love is a 
32 
commodity.
For some women I know, this sense of trust and self^belief later in life gave them the
courage to leave dysfunctional relationships or 
33 
on new career paths. Others talked
about enjoying their own company, of growth through 
34 
, deepening bonds of
friendships, the ability to be more compassionate, less judgmental and to listen more and
appreciate the small pleasures. Life past 40 is far from smooth sailing, but it's so much
more than the reductive 
35 
we see in women's magazines and on the Hollywood big
screen.
A) adversity
I) neglected
B) authentic
J) obscurity
C) convey
K) outlines
D) depictions
L) prevalent
E) diminished
M) purchasable
F) drowned
N) submit
G) embark
0) suppress
H) fragility
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once.
Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding
letter on Answer sheet 2.
What Are the Ethics of CGI Actors-And Will They Replace Real Ones?
A) Digital humans are coming to a screen near you. As computer-generated imagery (CGI)
has become cheaper and more sophisticated, the film industry can now convincingly
recreate people on screen- even actors who have been dead fbr decades. The
technology's ability to effectively keep celebrities alive beyond the grave is raising
questions about public legacies and image rights.
B) Late in 2019, it was announced that US actor James Dean, who died in 1955, will star in
a Vietnam War film scheduled for release later this year. In the film, which will be
called Finding Jach, Dean will be recreated on screen with CGI based on old footage
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第2 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 23 -----
（影片 镜头）and photographs, with another actor voicing him. The news was met with
excitement by those keen to see Dean digitally brought back to life for only his fourth
film, but it also drew sharp criticism. "This is puppeteering the dead for their fame
alone,“ actress Zelda Williams wrote on Twitter."It sets such an awful precedent fbr the
future of performance." Her father, Robin Williams, who died in 2014, was keen to
avoid the same fate. Before his death, he filed a deed protecting the use of his image
until 2039, preventing others from recreating him using CGI to appear in a film, TV
show or as a hologram （全息影像）.
C） The James Dean film is a way to keep the actor's image relevant for younger
generations, says Mark Roesler of CMG Worldwide, the firm that represents Dean's
estate. "I think this is the beginning of an entire wave,“ says Travis Cloyd, CEO of
Worldwide XR, one of the companies behind the digital recreation of Dean. "Moving
into the future, we want James Dean to be brought into different gaming environments,
or different virtual reality environments, or augmented reality environments,he says.
D） Other actors have been revived, with the permission of their estates, for advertising
purposes: for example, a 2011 advertisement fbr Dior featured contemporary actress
Charlize Theron alongside iconic 20th-century stars Marilyn Monroe, Grace Kelly and
Marlene Dietrich. Later, Audrey Hepburn was digitally recreated for a chocolate
commercial in 2013. In the same year, a CGI Bruce Lee appeared in a Chinese-language
ad fbr a whisky brand, which offended many fans because Lee was widely known not to
drink alcohol at all. "In the last five years, it's become more affordable and more
achievable in a whole movie,“ says Tim Webber at UK visual effects firm Framestore,
the company behind the Hepburn chocolate ad. Framestore used body doubles with
resemblance to Hepburn's facial structure and body shape as a framework fbr manual
animation. The process was extremely difficult and expensive, says Webber, but the
technology has moved on.
E） Now, a person can be animated from scratch. t4If they5re alive today,you can put them in
scanning rigs, you can get every detail of their body analysed very carefully and that
makes it much easier, whereas working from available photographs is tricky,“ says
Webber, who won an Academy Award for his visual effects work on the 2013 film
Gravity. 
also see a lot of actors today who will have the desire to take advantage of
this technology: to have their likeness captured and stored for future content/5 says
Cloyd. "They foresee this being something that could give their estates and give their
families the ability to make money from their likeness when they're gone.”
F） A hidden hazard of digitally recreating a deceased （已故的）celebrity is the risk of
damaging their legacy. "We have to respect the security and the integrity of rights
holders,says John Canning at Digital Domain, a US firm that created a hologram of
rapper （说唱 艺人）Tupac Shakur, which appeared at the Coachella music festival in
2012,15 years after his death.
G） Legally, a person's rights to control the commercial use of their name and image beyond
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第3 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 24 -----
their death differ between and even within countries. In certain US states, for example,
these rights are treated similarly to property rights, and are transferable to a person's
heirs. In California, under the Celebrities Rights Act, the personality rights for a
celebrity last for 70 years after their death. "We've got a societal debate going on about
access to our public commons, as it were, about famous faces/5 says Lilian Edwards at
Newcastle University, UK. Should the public be allowed to use or reproduce images of
famous people, given how iconic they are? And what is in the best interest of a deceased
person's legacy may conflict with the desires of their family or the public, says
Edwards.
H) A recreation, however lifelike, will never be indistinguishable from a real actor, says
Webber. t4When we are bringing someone back, representing someone who is no longer
alive on the screen, what we are doing is extremely sophisticated digital make-up,he
says. t4A performance is a lot more than a physical resemblance.,5
I) As it becomes easier to digitally recreate celebrities and to entirely manufacture
on-screen identities, could this kind of technology put actors out of jobs? ”I think actors
are worried about this,“ says Edwards. "But I think it will take a very long time."This is
partly because of the risk that viewers find virtual humans scary. Edwards cites
widespread backlash to the digital recreation of Carrie Fisher as a young Princess Leia
in Rogue One, a trick later repeated in the recent Star Wars'. The Rise of Skywalker,
which was filmed after Fisher's death in 2016. "People didn't like it,“ she says. " They
discovered the uncanny valley (诡异谷)
J) This refers to the idea that when objects trying to resemble humans aren't quite perfect,
they can make viewers feel uneasy because they fall somewhere between obviously
non-human and fully human. "That's always a danger when you5re doing anything
human or human-like,says Webber. 4'There are a thousand things that could go wrong
with a computer-generated facial performance, and any one of those could make it fall
into the uncanny valley,“ he says. "Your brain just knows there's something wrong.”
The problem often arises around the eyes or mouth, says Webber. "They're the areas
that you look at when you're talking to someone.
K) An unfamiliar digital human that has been created through CGI will also face the same
challenge as an unknown actor: they don't have the appeal of an established name. "You
have to spend substantial capital in creating awareness around their likeness and making
sure people are familiar with who they are,“ says Cloyd. This is now starting to happen.
“The way you pre-sell a movie in a foreign market is based on relevant talent,he says.
“I think we're a long way away from having virtual beings that have the ability to
pre-sell content.”
L) Webber expects that we will see more digital humans on screen. "It's happening
because it can happen,5, he says. Referring to a line from Jurassic Park (侏 罗 必己公 园)，
he adds: "People are too busy thinking about what they can do to think about whether
they should do it.”
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第4 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 25 -----
36. There is an ongoing debate among the public as to whether the images of deceased
celebrities should be recreated.
37. The CGI technology allows the image of the deceased James Dean to be presented to
young people in new settings.
38. It is very likely that the CGI-recreated image of a deceased celebrity will fail to match
the real actor especially in facial expressions.
39. The use of digital technology can bring images of deceased celebrities back to the screen.
40. Recreating a deceased famous actor or actress may violate their legitimate rights.
41. More CGI-recreated images of deceased celebrities are expected to appear on screen.
42. The image of James Dean will be recreated on screen with his voice dubbed by
someone else.
43. However advanced the CGI technology is, the recreated image will differ in a way from
the real actor.
44. A lot of actors today are likely to make use of the CGI technology to have their images
stored for the benefit of their families.
45. Some actors are concerned that they may lose jobs because of the CGI technology.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2
with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
You can't see it, smell it, or hear it, and people disagree on how precisely to define it,
or where exactly it comes from. It isn't a school subject or an academic discipline, but it
can be learned. It is a quality that is required of artists, but it is also present in the lives of
scientists and entrepreneurs. All of us benefit from it and we thrive mentally and spiritually
when we are able to wield it. It is a delicate thing, easily stamped out; in fact, it flourishes
most fully when people are playful and childlike. Meanwhile, it works best in conjunction
with deep knowledge and expertise.
This mysterious- but teachable-
quality is creativity, the subject of a recently
-published report by Durham Commission on Creativity and Education. The report concludes
that creativity should not inhabit the school curriculum only as it relates to drama, music,art
and other obviously creative subjects, but that creative thinking ought to run through all of
school life, infusing (充满)the way humanities and natural sciences are learned.
The authors, who focus on education in England, offer a number of sensible
recommendations, some of which are an attempt to alleviate the uninspiring and fact-based
approach to education that has crept into policy in recent years. When children are regarded
as vessels to be filled with facts, creativity does not prosper; nor does it when teachers' sole
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第5 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 26 -----
objective is coaching children towards exams. One suggestion from the commission is a
network of teacher-led ''creativity collaboratives^^, along the lines of existing maths hubs (中
with the aim of supporting teaching for creativity through the school curriculum.
Nevertheless, it is arts subjects through which creativity can most obviously be
fostered. The value placed on them by the independent education sector is clear. One only
has to look at the remarkable arts facilities at Britain's top private schools to comprehend
this. But in the state sector the excessive focus on English, maths and science threatens to
crush arts subjects; meanwhile, reduced school budgets mean diminishing extracurricular
activities. There has been a 28.1% decline in students taking creative subjects at high
schools since 2014, though happily, art and design have seen a recent increase.
This discrepancy between state and private education is a matter of social justice. It is
simply wrong and unfair that most children have a fraction of the access to choirs,
orchestras, art studios and drama that their more privileged peers enjoy. As lives are
affected by any number of looming challenges- climate crisis, automation in the
workplace- humans are going to need creative thinking more than ever. For all of our
sakes, creativity in education, and for all, must become a priority.
46. What do we learn from the passage about creativity?
A) It develops best when people are spiritually prepared.
B) It is most often wielded by scientists and entrepreneurs.
C) It is founded on scientific knowledge and analytical skills.
D) It contributes to intellectual growth but can easily be killed.
47. What is the conclusion of a recently-published report?
A) Natural sciences should be learned the way humanities courses are.
B) Cultivation of creativity should permeate the entire school curriculum.
C) Art courses should be made compulsory for all students.
D) Students should learn more obviously creative subjects.
48. What does the report say is detrimental to the fostering of creativity?
A) Alleviation of pressure. 
C) Test-oriented teaching.
B) Teacher-led school activities. 
D) Independent learning.
49. What do we learn about the private schools in the UK?
A) They encourage extracurricular activities.
B) They attach great importance to arts education.
C) They prioritize arts subjects over maths and sciences.
D) They cater to students from different family backgrounds.
50. What should be done to meet the future challenges?
A) Increasing government investment in school education.
B) Narrowing the existing gap between the rich and the poor.
C) Providing all children with equal access to arts education.
D) Focusing on meeting the needs of under-privileged students.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第6 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 27 -----
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Emulating your conversation partner's actions is a common human behavior classified
as “mirroring“ and has been known and studied by psychologists fbr years. We all tend to
subconsciously copy gestures of people we like. But why do we act like this?
As a rule, mirroring means that conversationalists enjoy their communication and that
there's acertain level of agreement between them. The topic of discussion is equally
interesting fbr both and they know their interests meet.
Repeating someone's behavior is typical of talented communicators, not always
because the person is sympathetic, but because there is a goal to be achieved. This way new
idols have been brought to the stage: politicians, celebrities, and other big names. Popular
culture makes people want to look popular, and act and speak like popular people.
Nowadays celebrities steal lyrics from each other and struggle with copyright violation
accusations or straightforwardly claim themselves to be the authors, even though all the
work was done by other people.
Among celebrities, ifs trendy nowadays to use their own speech writers as politicians
do. The so-called “ghostwriting“ can take various forms: books, articles, autobiographies,
and even social media posts.
Who is a true copycat （抄袭者）and who gets copycatted? Sometimes, it is a hard nut
to crack without an expert?s help. But new authorship defending methods based on
identifying individual writing patterns are already here. Their aim is to protect intellectual
property. Using scientific methods, some of them can define authorship with 85% accuracy.
Writing is not an easy craft to master. If you want to write like a professional without
plagiarism （抄袭），there are a few lessons to learn and the first one is: "Copy from one, it's
plagiarism; copy from two, it's research.^^ The correct interpretation of this statement is not
about copying, but rather about creating your own style. When you study an author5 s
writing style, don't stop on a single one, but explore numerous styles instead. Examine
types of sentences they use, pay attention to their metaphors, and focus on stories you feel
you could write a pretty cool sequel （续篇）to.
Imitation is rather paradoxical. As an integral part of learning, it brings about positive
changes, making people develop and grow. However, it may do a lot of hann. Copying
someone's thoughts, ideas or inventions is completely unacceptable. It infringes on
intellectual property rights of others.
Still, many things we do are about copying others one way or another. So if you want
to compliment someone on the work they have done and imitate it, just make sure you do it
the right way to avoid committing plagiarism.
51. What do people tend to do while engaging in a conversation?
A） Repeat what their partners say one way or another.
B） Focus as much as possible on topics of mutual interest.
C） Imitate their partners5 gestures without their knowing it.
D） Observe carefully how their partners make use of gestures.
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第7 页共8 页by：光速考研

----- PAGE 28 -----
52. When does mirroring usually take place in a conversation?
A) When both sides are sympathetic with each other.
B) When both sides have a lot of things in common.
C) When both sides make interesting contributions.
D) When both sides try to seek common ground.
53. What do we learn about popular culture?
A) It encourages people to imitate.
B) It appeals mostly to big names.
C) It acquaints young people with their idols.
D) It can change people's mode of cognition.
54. Why is the saying “copy from two, ifs research^^ a lesson to leam?
A) It facilitates the creation of one's own writing style.
B) It helps to protect one's intellectual property rights.
C) It fosters correct interpretation of professional writing.
D) It enables one to write intriguing sequels to famous stories.
55. Why does the author say imitation is rather paradoxical?
A) It is liable to different interpretations.
B) It is by and large a necessary evil.
C) It can give rise to endless disputes.
D) It may do harm as well as good.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
云南是位于中国西南的一个省份，平均海拔1500米。云南历史悠久，风景秀丽，气候宜
人。云南生态环境优越，生物多种多样，被誉为野生动植物的天堂。云南还有多种矿藏和充足
的水资源，为全省经济的可持续发展提供了有利条件。
云南居住着25 个少数民族，他们大多有自己的语言、习俗和宗教。云南独特的自然景色
和丰富的民族文化使其成为中国最受欢迎的旅游目的地之一，每年都吸引着大批国内外游客
前往观光旅游。
2021年6 月英语六级真题第3 套第8 页共8 页by：光速考研
