
----- PAGE 1 -----
2017 年6 月英语六级真题及答案
Part I
Writing
(30 minutes)
Directions: Suppose you are asked to give advice on whether to attend college
at home or abroad, write an essay to state your opinion. You are
required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
说明：2017 年6 月大学英语六级考试全国共考了两套听力。本套的听
力内容与第二套相同，因此本套听力部分不再重复给出。
Part Ⅲ
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required
to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a
word bank following the passage. Read the passage through
carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank is
identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each
item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You
may not use any of the words in the bank more than once.
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
Half of your brain stays alert and prepared for danger when you sleep in a
new place, a study has revealed. This phenomenon is often (26)_______to as the
“first-night-effect”. Researchers from Brown University found that a network in
the left hemisphere of the brain “remained more active” than the network in the
right side of the brain. Playing sounds into the right ears (stimulating the left
hemisphere) of (27)_______ was more likely to wake them up than if the noises
were played into their left ears.
It was (28)_______ observed that the left side of the brain was more active
during deep sleep. When the researchers repeated the laboratory experiment on
the second and third nights they found the left hemisphere could not be
stimulated in the same way during deep sleep. The researchers explained that the
study demonstrated when we are in a (29)_______ environment the brain partly
remains alert so that humans can defend themselves against any (30) _______
danger.
The researchers believe this is the first time that the “first-night-effect” of
different brain states has been (31)_______ in humans. It isn’t, however, the
first time it has ever been seen. Some animal(32)_______ also display this
phenomenon. For example, dolphins, as well as other (33)_______ animals, shut
down one hemisphere of the brain when they go to sleep. A previous study noted
that dolphins always (34)_______ control their breathing. Without keeping the
brain active while sleeping,they would probably drown. But, as the human study

----- PAGE 2 -----
suggests, another reason for dolphins keeping their eyes open during sleep is
that they can look out for (35)_______ while asleep. It also keeps their
physiological processes working.
A) Classified
B) Consciously
C) Dramatically
D) Exotic
E) Identified
F) Inherent
G) Marine
H) Novel
I) Potential
J) Predators
K) Referred
L) Species
M) Specifically
N) Varieties
O) Volunteers
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements
attached to it. Each statement contains information given in one of
the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information
is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking
the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
Elite Math Competitions Struggle to Diversify Their Talent Pool
[A] Interest in elite high school math competitions has grown in recent
years, and in light of last summer ’ s U.S. win at the International Math
Olympiad (IMO)-the first for an American team in more than two decades-the
trend is likely to continue.
[B] But will such contests, which are overwhelmingly dominated by Asian
and white students from middle- class and affluent families, become any more
diverse? Many social and cultural factors play roles in determining which
promising students get on the path toward international math recognition. But
efforts are in place to expose more black, Hispanic, and low-income students to
advanced math, in the hope that the demographic pool of high-level contenders
will eventually begin to shift and become less exclusive.
[C] “The challenge is if certain types of people are doing something, it’s
difficult for other people to break into it，” said Po-Shen Loh, the head coach of
last year ’ s winning U.S. Math Olympiad team. Participation grows through
friends and networks and if “you realize that’s how they’re growing, you can
start to take action” and bring in other students, he said.

----- PAGE 3 -----
[D] Most of the training for advanced-math competitions happens outside
the confines of the normal school day. Students attend after-school clubs,
summer camps, online forums and classes, and university-based “math circles,”
to prepare for the competitions.
[E] One of the largest feeders for high school math competitions 一
including those that eventually lead to the IMO — is a middle school program
called MathCounts. About 100,000 students around the country participate in the
program’s competition series, which culminates in a national game-show-style
contest held each May. The most recent one took place last week in Washington,
D.C. Students join a team through their schools, which provide a volunteer
coach and pay a nominal fee to send students to regional and state competitions.
The 224 students who make it to the national competition get an all-
expenses-paid trip.
[F] Nearly all members of last year’s winning U.S. IMO team took part in
MathCounts as middle school students, as did Loh, the coach.“Middle school is
an important age because students have enough math capability to solve
advanced problems, but they haven’t really decided what they want to do with
their lives,” said Loh. “They often get hooked then.”
[G] Another influential feeder for advanced-math students is an online
school called Art of Problem Solving, which began about 13 years ago and now
has 15,000 users. Students use forums to chat, play games, and solve problems
together at no cost, or they can pay a few hundred dollars to take courses with
trained teachers. According to Richard Rusczyk, the company founder, the six
U.S. team members who competed at the IMO last year collectively took more
than 40 courses on the site. Parents of advanced-math students and MathCounts
coaches say the children are on the website constantly.
[H] There are also dozens of summer camps―many attached to universities
— that aim to prepare elite math students. Some are pricey~~a three-week
intensive program can cost $4,500 or more — but most offer scholarships. The
Math Olympiad Summer Training Program is a three-week math camp held by
the Mathematical Association of America that leads straight to the international
championship and is free for those who make it. Only about 50 students are
invited based on their performance on written tests and at the USA Math
Olympiad.
[I] Students in university towns may also have access to another lever for
involvement in accelerated math: math circles. In these groups, which came out
of an Eastern European tradition of developing young talent, professors teach
promising K-12 students advanced mathematics for several hours after school or
on weekends. The Los Angeles Math Circle, held at the University of California,
Los Angeles, began in 2007 with 20 students and now has more than 250.
“ These math circles cost nothing, or they ’ re very cheap for students to get
involved in, but you have to know about them,” said Rusczyk. “Most people
would love to get students from more underserved populations, but they just
can ’ t get them in the door. Part of it is communication; part of it is

----- PAGE 4 -----
transportation.”
[J] It ’ s no secret in the advanced-math community that diversity is a
problem. According
to
Mark
Saul,
the director
of competitions
for the
Mathematical Association
of America,
not
a single African-American
or
Hispanic student — and only a handful of girls ― has ever made it to the Math
Olympiad team in its 50 years of existence.Many schools simply don’t prioritize
academic competitions.“Do you know who we have to beat?”asked Saul.“The
football team, the basketball team — that ’ s our competition for resources,
student time, attention, school dollars, parent efforts, school enthusiasm.”
[K] Teachers in low-income urban and rural areas with no history of
participating
in
math
competitions
may
not
know
about
advanced-math
opportunities like MathCounts—and those who do may not have support or feel
trained to lead them.
[L] But there are initiatives in place to try to get more underrepresented
students involved in accelerated math. A New York City-based nonprofit called
Bridge to Enter Mathematics runs a residential summer program aimed at
getting underserved students, mostly black and Hispanic, working toward math
and science careers. The summer after 7th grade, students spend three weeks on
a college campus studying advanced math for seven hours a day. Over the next
five years, the group helps the students get into other elite summer math
programs, high-performing high schools, and eventually college. About 250
students so far have gone through the program, which receives funding from the
Jack Kent Cooke Foundation.
[M]“If you look at a lot of low-income communities in the United States,
there are programs that are serving them, but they’re primarily centered around
‘Let’s get these kids’ grades up，’ and not around ‘let’s get these kids
access to the same kinds of opportunities as more-affluent kids，’” said Daniel
Zaharopol, the founder and executive director of the program. “We’re trying to
create that pathway. ”
Students apply to the program directly through their
schools. “We want to reach parents who are not plugged into the system，” said
Zaharopol.
[N] In the past few years, MathCounts added two new middle school
programs to try to diversify its participant pool 一the National Math Club and
the Math Video Challenge. Schools or teachers who sign up for the National
Math Club receive a kit fall of activities and resources, but there’s no special
teacher training and no competition attached.
[O] The Math Video Challenge is a competition, but a collaborative one.
Teams of four students make a video illustrating a math problem and its
real-world application. After the high-pressure Countdown round at this year’s
national MathCounts competition, in which the top 12 students went head to
head solving complex problems in rapid fire, the finalists for the Math Video
Challenge took the stage to show their videos. The demographics of that group
looked quite different from those in the competition round~of the 16 video
finalists, 13 were girls and eight were African-American students. The video

----- PAGE 5 -----
challenge does not put individual students on the hot seat —
so it ’ s less
intimidating by design. It also adds the element of artistic creativity to attract a
new pool of students who may not see themselves as “math people.”
36. Middle school is a crucial period when students may become keenly
interested in advanced
mathematics.
37. Elite high school math competitions are attracting more interest
throughout the United States.
38. Math circles provide students with access to advanced-math training by
university professors.
39. Students may take advantage of online resources to learn to solve math
problems.
40. The summer program run by a nonprofit organization has helped many
under served students learn advanced math.
41. Winners of local contests will participate in the national math
competition for free.
42. Many schools don ’ t place academic competitions at the top of their
priority list.
43. Contestants of elite high school math competitions are mostly Asian
and white students from well-off families.
44. Some math training programs primarily focus on raising students ’
math scores.
41. Some intensive summer programs are very expensive but most of them
provide scholarships.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by
some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are
four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the
best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet
2with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
We live today indebted to McCardell, Cashin, Hawes, Wilkins, and
Maxwell, and other women who liberated American fashion from the confines of
Parisian design. Independence came in tying, wrapping, storing, harmonizing,
and rationalizing that wardrobe. These designers established the modem dress
code, letting play suits and other active wear outfits suffice for casual clothing,
allowing pants to enter the wardrobe, and prizing rationalism and versatility in
dress, in contradiction to dressing for an occasion or allotment of the day.
Fashion in America was logical and answerable to the will of the women who
wore it. Implicitly or explicitly, American fashion addressed a democracy,
whereas traditional Paris-based fashion was prescriptive and imposed on women,
willing or not.

----- PAGE 6 -----
In an earlier time, American fashion had also followed the dictates of Paris,
or even copied and pirated specific French designs. Designer sportswear was not
modeled on that of Europe, as “modem art” would later be; it was genuinely
invented and developed in America. Its designers were not high-end with
supplementary lines. The design objective and the business commitment were to
sportswear, and the distinctive traits were problem-solving ingenuity and
realistic lifestyle applications. Ease of care was most important: summer dresses
and outfits, in particular, were chiefly cotton, readily capable of being washed
and pressed at home. Closings were simple, practical, and accessible, as the
modem woman depended on no personal maid to dress her. American designers
prized resourcefulness and the freedom of women who wore the clothing.
Many have argued that the women designers of this time were able to
project their own clothing values into a new style. Of course, much of this
argument in the 1930s-40s was advanced because there was little or no
experience in justifying（月艮装）on the basis of utility. If Paris was cast aside,
the tradition of beauty was also to some degree slighted. Designer sportswear
would have to be verified by a standard other than that of pure beauty; the
emulation of a designer’s life in designer sportswear was a crude version of this
relationship. The consumer was ultimately to be mentioned as well, especially
by the likes of Dorothy Shaver, who could point to the sales figures at Lord &
Taylor.
Could utility alone justify the new ideas of the American designers?
Fashion is often regarded as a pursuit of beauty, and some cherished fashion’s
trivial relationship to the fine arts. What the designers of American sportswear
proved was that fashion is a genuine design art, answering to the demanding
needs of service. Of course these practical, insightful designers have determined
the course of late twentieth-century fashion. They were the pioneers of gender
equity, in their useful, adaptable clothing, which was both made for the masses
and capable of self-expression.
46. What contribution did the women designers make to American fashion?
A) They made some improvements on the traditional Parisian design.
B) They formulated a dress code with distinctive American features.
C) They came up with a brand new set of design procedures.
D) They made originality a top priority in their fashion design.
47. What do we learn about American designer sportswear?
A) It imitated the European model.
B) It laid emphasis on woman’s beauty.
C) It represented genuine American art.
D) It was a completely new invention.
48. What characterized American designer sportswear?
A) Pursuit of beauty.
B) Decorative closings.
C) Ease of care.
D) Fabric quality.

----- PAGE 7 -----
49. What occurred in the design of women’s apparel in America during the
1930s-40s?
A) A shift of emphasis from beauty to utility.
B) The emulation of traditional Parisian design.
C) A search for balance between tradition and novelty.
D) The involvement of more women in fashion design.
50. What do we learn about designers of American sportswear?
A) They catered to the taste of the younger generation.
B) They radically changed people’s concept of beauty.
C) They advocated equity between men and women.
D) They became rivals of their Parisian counterparts.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Massive rubbish dumps and sprawling landfills constitute one of the more
uncomfortable impacts that humans have on wildlife. They have led some birds
to give up on migration. Instead of flying thousands of miles in search of food,
they make the waste sites their winter feeding grounds.
Researchers in Germany used miniature GPS tags to track the migrations of
70 white storks from different sites across Europe and Asia during the first five
months of their lives. While many birds travelled along well-known routes to
warmer climates, others stopped short and spent the winter on landfills, feeding
on food waste, and the multitudes of insects that thrive on the dumps.
In the short-term, the birds seem to benefit from overwintering( 过冬) on
rubbish dumps. Andrea Flack of the Max Planck Institute found that birds
following traditional migration routes were more likely to die than German
storks that flew only as far as northern Morocco, and spent the winter there on
rubbish dumps. “For the birds it’s a very convenient way to get food. There are
huge clusters of organic waste they can feed on,” said Flack. The meals are not
particularly appetising, or even safe. Much of the waste is discarded rotten meat,
mixed in with other human debris such as plastic bags and old toys.
“It’s very risky. The birds can easily eat pieces of plastic or rubber bands
and they can die,” said Flack. “And we don’t know about the long-term
consequences. They might eat something toxic and damage their health. We
cannot estimate that yet.”
The scientists tracked white storks from different colonies in Europe and
Africa. The Russian, Greek and Polish storks flew as far as South Africa, while
those from Spain, Tunisia and Germany flew only as far as the Sahel.
Landfill sites on the Iberian peninsula have long attracted local white storks,
but all of the Spanish birds tagged in the study flew across the Sahara desert to
the western Sahel. Writing in the journal, the scientists describe how the storks
from Germany were clearly affected by the presence of waste sites, with four out
of six birds that survived for at least five months overwintering on rubbish
dumps in northern Morocco, instead of migrating to the Sahel.

----- PAGE 8 -----
Flack said it was too early to know whether the benefits of plentiful food
outweighed the risks of feeding on landfills. But that’s not the only uncertainty.
Migrating birds affect ecosystems both at home and at their winter destinations,
and disrupting the traditional routes could have unexpected side effects. White
storks feed on（螳虫）and other insects that can become pests if their numbers
get out of hand. “They provide a useful service,” said Flack.
51. What is the impact of rubbish dumps on wildlife?
A) They have forced white storks to search for safer winter shelters.
B) They have seriously polluted the places where birds spend winter.
C) They have accelerated the reproduction of some harmful insects.
D) They have changed the previous migration habits of certain birds.
52.What do we learn about birds following the traditional migration routes?
A) They can multiply at an accelerating rate.
B) They can better pull through the winter.
C) They help humans kill harmful insects.
D) They are more likely to be at risk of dying.
53. What does Andrea Flack say about the birds overwintering on rubbish
dumps?
A) They may end up staying there permanently.
B) They may eat something harmful.
C) They may evolve new feeding habits.
D) They may have trouble getting adequate food.
54. What can be inferred about the Spanish birds tagged in the study?
A) They gradually lose the habit of migrating in winter.
B) They prefer rubbish dumps far away to those at home.
C) They are not attracted to the rubbish dumps on their migration routes.
D) They join the storks form Germany on rubbish dumps in Morocco.
55. What is scientists，other concern about white storks feeding on landfills?
A) The potential harm to the ecosystem.
B) The genetic change in the stork species.
C) The spread of epidemics to their homeland.
D) The damaging effect on bio-diversity.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage
from Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer
Sheet 2.
唐朝始于618 年，终于907 年，是中国历史上最灿烂的时期。经过近三
百年的发展，唐代中国成为世界上最繁荣的强国，其首都长安是当时世界上
最大的都市。这一时期，经济发达、商业繁荣、社会秩序稳定，甚至边境也
对外开放。随着城市化和财富的增加，艺术和文学也繁荣起来。李白和杜甫
是以作品简洁自然而著称的诗人。他们的诗歌打动了学者和普通人的心。即
使在今天，他们的许多诗歌仍广为儿童及成人阅读背诵。

----- PAGE 9 -----
【参考答案】
【参考范文】
Nowadays, there has been a heated discussion as to a better choice between
attending college at home and abroad. Views on the topic vary greatly among
people from different walks of life. Some believe that it is a better choice to
study in domestic colleges, but others consider it better to study abroad.
I totally agree with the latter idea for the reasons presented below. To begin
with, it harms the society in that the greater the competition is, the higher the
recruitment requirements will become. Therefore, with experiences of studying
abroad, graduates will become more competitive in job hunting. Furthermore, it
is beneficial to the students themselves to study abroad. Without the choice to
pursue overseas study, many great scholars today would never have achieved
such great success.
From my perspective, it is crucial that the government should encourage
people to pursue overseas study. Also it is crucial that people should understand
the meaning and value of attending college abroad. Only in this way can we
achieve greater success.
【26-30】KOMHI
【31-35】ELGBJ
【36-40】FAIGL
【41-45】EJBMH
【46-50】BDCAC
【51-55】DDBCA
【翻译参考译文】
The Tang Dynasty, beginning in the year of 618 and ending in 907, is the
most
splendid
period
in
Chinese
history. After
three
hundred
years
of
development, it has become the world's most prosperous power and its capital,
Chang an, is one of the world's largest city. During this period, there was
developed economy, commercial prosperity, stable social order, and even the
border open to the outside world. With the increase of the wealth of the
urbanization, art and literature are also booming. Li Bai and Du Fu are poets
known for work’s simplicity and nature. Their poetry has impressed scholars and
ordinary people. Even today, a considerable number of their poems are still
widely read by children and adults.
