
----- PAGE 1 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2018年6 月第1 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 2 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation,
you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken
only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked 4),5), C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) It is a typical salad.
B) It is a Spanish soup.
2. A) To make it thicker.
B) To make it more nutritious.
C) It is a weird vegetable.
D) It is a kind of spicy food.
C) To add to its appeal.
D) To replace an ingredient.
3. A) It contains very little fat.
B) It uses olive oil in cooking.
4. A) It does not go stale for two years.
B) It takes no special skill to prepare.
C) It uses no artificial additives.
D) It is mainly made of vegetables.
C) It comes from a special kind of pig.
D) It is a delicacy blended with bread.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They come in a great variety.
B) They do not make decent gifts.
6. A) $30-$40, 
B) $40-$50.
C) They do not vary much in price.
D) They go well with Italian food.
C) $50-$60, 
D) Around $ 150.
7. A) They are a healthy choice for elderly people.
B) They are especially popular among Italians.
C) They symbolize good health and longevity.
D) They go well with different kinds of food.
8. A) It is a wine imported from California.
B) It is less spicy than all other red wines.
C) It is far more expensive than he expected.
D) It is Italy's most famous type of red wine.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 3 -----
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h eet
1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Learning others, secrets.
B) Searching for information.
C) Decoding secret messages.
D) Spreading sensational news.
10. A) They helped the U.S. army in World War II.
B) They could write down spoken codes promptly.
C) They were assigned to decode enemy messages.
D) They were good at breaking enemy secret codes.
11. A) Important battles fought in the Pacific War.
B) Decoding of secret messages in war times.
C) A military code that was never broken.
D) Navajo Indians5 contribution to code breaking.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) All services will be personalized.
B) A lot of knowledge-intensive jobs will be replaced.
C) Technology will revolutionize all sectors of industry.
D) More information will be available.
13. A) In the robotics industry.
B) In the information service.
C) In the personal care sector.
D) In high-end manufacturing.
14. A) They charge high prices.
B) They need lots of training.
C) They cater to the needs of young people.
D) They focus on customers7 specific needs.
15. A) The rising demand in education and healthcare in the next 20 years.
B) The disruption caused by technology in traditionally well-paid jobs.
C) The tremendous changes new technology will bring to people's lives.
D) The amazing amount of personal attention people would like to have.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 4 -----
Section C
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It was the longest road in ancient Egypt.
B) It was constructed some 500 years ago.
C) It lay 8 miles from the monument sites.
D) It linked a stone pit to some waterways.
17. A) Saws used for cutting stone.
B) Traces left by early explorers.
C) An ancient geographical map.
D) Some stone tool segments.
18. A) To transport stones to block floods.
B) To provide services for the stone pit.
C) To link the various monument sites.
D) To connect the villages along the Nile.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Dr. Gong didn,t give him any conventional tests.
B) Dr. Gong marked his office with a hand-painted sign.
C) Dr. Gong didn't ask him any questions about his pain.
D) Dr. Gong slipped in needles where he felt no pain.
20. A) He had heard of the wonders acupuncture could work.
B) Dr Gong was very famous in New York's Chinatown.
C) Previous medical treatments failed to relieve his pain.
D) He found the expensive medical tests unaffordable.
21. A) More and more patients ask fbr the treatment.
B) Acupuncture techniques have been perfected.
C) It doesn't need the conventional medical tests.
D) It does not have any negative side effects.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) They were on the verge of breaking up.
B) They were compatible despite differences.
C) They quarreled a lot and never resolved their arguments.
D) They argued persistently about whether to have children.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 5 -----
23. A) Neither of them has any brothers or sisters.
B) Neither of them won their parents, favor.
C) They weren't spoiled in their childhood.
D) They didn't like to be the apple of their parents, eyes.
24. A) They are usually good at making friends.
B) They tend to be adventurous and creative.
C) They are often content with what they have.
D) They tend to be self-assured and responsible.
25. A) They enjoy making friends. 
C) They are least likely to take initiative.
B) They tend to be well adjusted. 
D) They usually have successful marriages.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word
for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read
the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is
identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answ er
Sh eet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in. the
bank more than once.
Scientists scanning and mapping the Giza pyramids say they've discovered that the Great
Pyramid of Giza is not exactly even. But really not by much. This pyramid is the oldest of the world's
Seven Wonders. The pyramid's exact size has 
26 
experts for centuries, as the “ more than 21
acres of hard, white casing stonesn that originally covered it were 
27 
long ago. Reporting in the
most recent issue of the newsletter “ AERAGRAM,“ which 
28 
the work of the Ancient Egypt
Research Associates, engineer Glen Dash says his team used a new measuring approach that involved
finding any surviving 
29 
of the casing in order to determine where the original edge was. They
found the east side of the pyramid to be a 
30 
of 5.5 inches shorter than the west side.
The question that most 
31 
him, however, isn't how the Egyptians who designed and built the
pyramid got it wrong 4, 500 years ago, but how they got it so close to 
32 
. u We can only speculate
as to how the Egyptians could have laid out these lines with such 
33 
using only the tools they
had," Dash writes. He says his 
34 
is that the Egyptians laid out their design on a grid, noting that
the great pyramid is oriented only 
35 
away from the cardinal directions (its north-south axis runs 3
minutes 54 seconds west of due north, while its east-west axis runs 3 minutes 51 seconds north of due
east) — an amount thafs "tiny, but similar/5 archeologist Atlas Obscura points out.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 6 -----
A) chronicles
I) perfect
B) complete
J) precision
C) established
K) puzzled
D) fascinates
L) remnants
E) hypothesis
M) removed
F) maximum
N) revelations
G) momentum
H) mysteriously
0) slightly
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the
paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more
than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking
the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 2.
Peer Pressure Has a Positive Side
[A] Parents of teenagers often view their children's friends with something like suspicion. They worry
that the adolescent peer group has the power to push its members into behavior that is foolish and
even dangerous. Such wariness is well founded: statistics show, for example, that a teenage driver
with a same-age passenger in the car is at higher risk of a fatal crash than an adolescent driving
alone or with an adult.
[B] In a 2005 study, psychologist Laurence Steinberg of Temple University and his co-author,
psychologist Margo Gardner, then at Temple, divided 306 people into three age groups: young
adolescents, with a mean age of 14; older adolescents, with a mean age of 19; and adults, aged 24
and older. Subjects played a computerized driving game in which the player must avoid crashing
into a wall that materializes, without warning, on the roadway. Steinberg and Gardner randomly
assigned some participants to play alone or with two same-age peers looking on.
[C] Older adolescents scored about 50 percent higher on an index of risky driving when their peers
were in the room- and the driving of early adolescents was fully twice as reckless when other
young teens were around. In contrast, adults behaved in similar ways regardless of whether they
were on their own or observed by others. 11 The presence of peers makes adolescents and youth,
but not adults, more likely to take risks,“ Steinberg and Gardner concluded.
[D] Yet in the years following the publication of this study, Steinberg began to believe that this
interpretation did not capture the whole picture. As he and other researchers examined the
6 - 5

----- PAGE 7 -----
question of why teens were more apt to take risks in the company of other teenagers, they came
to suspect that a crowd's influence need not always be negative. Now some experts are proposing
that we should take advantage of the teen brain's keen sensitivity to the presence of friends and
leverage it to improve education.
[E] In a 2011 study, Steinberg and his colleagues turned to functional MRI (磁共振)to investigate
how the presence of peers affects the activity in the adolescent brain. They scanned the brains of
40 teens and adults who were playing a virtual driving game designed to test whether players
would brake at a yellow light or speed on through the crossroad.
[F] The brains of teenagers, but not adults, showed greater activity in two regions associated with
rewards when they were being observed by same-age peers than when alone. In other words,
rewards are more intense fbr teens when they are with peers, which motivates them to pursue
higher-risk experiences that might bring a big payoff (such as the thrill of just making the light
before it turns red). But Steinberg suspected this tendency could also have its advantages. In his
latest experiment, published online in August, Steinberg and his colleagues used a computerized
version of a card game called the Iowa Gambling Task to investigate how the presence of peers
affects the way young people gather and apply information.
[G] The results: Teens who played the Iowa Gambling Task under the eyes of fellow adolescents
engaged in more exploratory behavior, learned faster from both positive and negative outcomes,
and achieved better performance on the task than those who played in solitude. u What our study
suggests is that teenagers learn more quickly and more effectively when their peers are present
than when they're on their own,“ Steinberg says. And this finding could have important
implications for how we think about educating adolescents.
[H] Matthew D. Lieberman, a social cognitive neuroscientist at the University of California, Los
Angeles, and author of the 2013 book Social ：
 Why Our Brains Are Wired to Connect, suspects that
the human brain is especially skillful at learning socially significant information. He points to a
classic 2004 study in which psychologists at Dartmouth College and Harvard University used
functional MRI to track brain activity in 17 young men as they listened to descriptions of people
while concentrating on either socially relevant cues (for example, trying to form an impression of
a person based on the description) or more socially neutral information (such as noting the order
of details in the description). The descriptions were the same in each condition, but people could
better remember these statements when given a social motivation.
[I] The study also found that when subjects thought about and later recalled descriptions in terms of
their informational content, regions associated with factual memory, such as the medial temporal
lobe, became active. But thinking about or remembering descriptions in terms of their social
meaning activated the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex- part of the brain's social network- even as
6 • 6

----- PAGE 8 -----
traditional memory regions registered low levels of activity. More recently, as he reported in a
2012 review, Lieberman has discovered that this region may be part of a distinct network
involved in socially motivated learning and memory. Such findings, he says, suggest that u this
network can be called on to process and store the kind of information taught in school一
potentially giving students access to a range of untapped mental powers."
[J] If humans are generally geared to recall details about one another, this pattern is probably even
more powerful among teenagers who are very attentive to social details: who is in, who is out,
who likes whom, who is mad at whom. Their desire for social drama is not- or not only—a way
of distracting themselves from their school work or of driving adults crazy. It is actually a
neurological （不申经的）sensitivity, initiated by hormonal changes. Evolutionarily speaking, people
in this age group are at a stage in which they can prepare to find a mate and start their own
family while separating from parents and striking out on their own. To do this successfully, their
brain prompts them to think and even obsess about others.
[K] Yet our schools focus primarily on students as individual entities. What would happen if
educators instead took advantage of the fact that teens are powerfully compelled to think in social
terms? In Social, Lieberman lays out a number of ways to do so. History and English could be
presented through the lens of the psychological drives of the people involved. One could
therefore present Napoleon in terms of his desire to impress or Churchill in terms of his lonely
gloom. Less inherently interpersonal subjects, such as math, could acquire a social aspect through
team problem solving and peer tutoring. Research shows that when we absorb information in
order to teach it to someone else, we learn it more accurately and deeply, perhaps in part because
we are engaging our social cognition.
[L] And although anxious parents may not welcome the notion, educators could turn adolescent
recklessness to academic ends. u Risk taking in an educational context is a vital skill that enables
progress and creativity,n wrote Sarah-Jayne Blakemore, a cognitive neuroscientist at University
College London, in a review published last year. Yet, she noted, many young people are
especially unwilling to take risks at school- afraid that one low test score or poor grade could
cost them a spot at a selective university. We should assure such students that risk, and even peer
pressure, can be a good thing- as long as it happens in the classroom and not in the car.
36. It is thought probable that the human brain is particularly good at picking up socially important
information.
37. It can be concluded from experiments that the presence of peers increases risk-taking by
adolescents and youth.
38. Students should be told that risk-taking in the classroom can be something positive.
6 - 7

----- PAGE 9 -----
39. The urge of finding a mate and getting married accounts for adolescents5 greater attention to social
interactions.
40. According to Steinberg, the presence of peers increases the speed and eflectiveness of teenagers,
learning.
41. Teenagers5 parents are often concerned about negative peer influence.
42. Activating the brain's social network involved in socially motivated learning and memory may
allow students to tap unused mental powers.
43. The presence of peers intensifies the feeling of rewards in teens' brains.
44. When we absorb information for the purpose of imparting it to others, we do so with greater
accuracy and depth.
45. Some experts are suggesting that we turn peer influence to good use in education.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C)
and D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on
A n sw er S h e e t 2  with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The Ebro Delta, in Spain, famous as a battleground during the Spanish Civil War, is now the
setting for a different contest, one that is pitting rice farmers against two enemies: the rice-eating giant
apple snail, and rising sea levels. What happens here will have a bearing on the future of European
rice production and the overall health of southern European wetlands.
Located on the Mediterranean just two hours south of Barcelona, the Ebro Delta produces 120 million
kilograms of rice a year, making it one of the continents most important rice-growing areas. As the sea
creeps into these fresh-water marshes, however, rising salinity (盐分)is hampering rice production. At the
same time, this sea-water also kills off the greedy giant apple snail, an introduced pest that feeds on young
rice plants. The most promising strategy has become to harness one foe against the other.
The battle is currently being waged on land, in greenhouses at the University of Barcelona.
Scientists working under the banner " Project Neurice" are seeking varieties of rice that can withstand
the increasing salinity without losing the absorbency that makes European rice ideal for traditional
Spanish and Italian dishes.
6 - 8

----- PAGE 10 -----
“The project has two sides/' says Xavier Serrat, Neurice project manager and researcher at the
University of Barcelona, “the short-term fight against the snail, and a mid- to long-term fight against
climate change. But the snail has given the project greater urgency.n
Originally from South America, the snails were accidentally introduced into the Ebro Delta by
Global Aquatic Technologies, a company that raised the snails for fresh-water aquariums (水方宾馆),
but failed to prevent their escape. For now, the giant apple snaiFs presence in Europe is limited to the
Ebro Delta. But the snail continues its march to new territory, says S err at. " The question is not
whether it will reach other rice-growing areas of Europe, but when."
Over the next year and a half investigators will test the various strains of salt-tolerant rice
they've bred. In 2018, farmers will plant the varieties with the most promise in the Ebro Delta and
Europe's other two main rice-growing regions- along the Po in Italy, and France's Rhone. A season
in the field will help determine which, if any, of the varieties are ready for commercialization.
As an EU-funded effort, the search for salt-tolerant varieties of rice is taking place in all three
countries. Each team is crossbreeding a local European short-grain rice with a long-grain Asian variety
that carries the salt-resistant gene. The scientists are breeding successive generations to arrive at varieties
that incorporate salt tolerance but retain about 97 percent of the European rice genome (基因组)
46. Why does the author mention the Spanish Civil War at the beginning of the passage?
A) It had great impact on the life of Spanish rice farmers.
B) It is of great significance in the records of Spanish history.
C) Rice farmers in the Ebro Delta are waging a battle of similar importance.
D) Rice farmers in the Ebro Delta are experiencing as hard a time as in the war.
47. What may be the most effective strategy fbr rice farmers to employ in fighting their enemies?
A) Striking the weaker enemy first. 
C) Eliminating the enemy one by one.
B) Killing two birds with one stone. 
D) Using one evil to combat the other.
48. What do we learn about u Project Neurice"?
A) Its goals will have to be realized at a cost.
B) It aims to increase the yield of Spanish rice.
C) Its immediate priority is to bring the pest under control.
D) It tries to kill the snails with the help of climate change.
49. What does Neurice project manager say about the giant apple snail?
A) It can survive only on southern European wetlands.
B) It will invade other rice-growing regions of Europe.
C) It multiplies at a speed beyond human imagination.
D) It was introduced into the rice fields on purpose.
6 - 9

----- PAGE 11 -----
50. What is the ultimate goal of the EU-fiinded program?
A) Cultivating ideal salt-resistant rice varieties.
B) Increasing the absorbency of the Spanish rice.
C) Introducing Spanish rice to the rest of Europe.
D) Popularizing the rice crossbreeding technology.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
Photography was once an expensive, laborious ordeal reserved for life's greatest milestones.
Now, the only apparent cost to taking infinite photos of something as common as a meal is the space
on your hard drive and your dining companion's patience.
But is there another cost, a deeper cost, to documenting a life experience instead of simply
enjoying it? ” You hear that you shouldn't take all these photos and interrupt the experience, and ifs
bad for you, and we're not living in the present moment,v says Kristin Diehl, associate professor of
marketing at the University of Southern California Marshall School of Business.
Diehl and her fellow researchers wanted to find out if that was true, so they embarked on a
series of nine experiments in the lab and in the field testing people's enjoyment in the presence or
absence of a camera. The results, published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology,
surprised them. Taking photos actually makes people enjoy what they're doing more, not less.
“What we find is you actually look at the world slightly differently, because you're looking fbr
things you want to capture, that you may want to hang onto,“ Diehl explains. u That gets people more
engaged in the experience, and they tend to enjoy it more.^^
Take sightseeing. In one experiment, nearly 200 participants boarded a double-decker bus fbr a
tour of Philadelphia. Both bus tours forbade the use of cell phones but one tour provided digital
cameras and encouraged people to take photos. The people who took photos enjoyed the experience
significantly more, and said they were more engaged, than those who didn't.
Snapping a photo directs attention, which heightens the pleasure you get from whatever you're
looking at, Diehl says. It works for things as boring as archaeological (考古的)museums, where
people were given eye-tracking glasses and instructed either to take photos or not. " People look
longer at things they want to photograph,n Diehl says. They report liking the exhibits more, too.
To the relief of Instagrammers (Instagram 用户) everywhere, it can even make meals more
enjoyable. When people were encouraged to take at least three photos while they ate lunch, they were
more immersed in their meals than those who weren't told to take photos.
Was it the satisfying click of the camera? The physical act of the snap? No, they found; just the
act of planning to take a photo- and not actually taking it- had the same joy-boosting effect. "If you
want to take mental photos, that works the same way,“ Diehl says. u Thinking about what you would
want to photograph also gets you more engaged."
6 - 10

----- PAGE 12 -----
51. What does the author say about photo-taking in the past?
A) It was a painstaking effort for recording life's major events.
B) It was a luxury that only a few wealthy people could enjoy.
C) It was a good way to preserve one's precious images.
D) It was a skill that required lots of practice to master.
52. Kristin Diehl conducted a series of experiments on photo-taking to find o
u
t .
A) what kind of pleasure it would actually bring to photo-takers
B) whether people enjoyed it when they did sightseeing
C) how it could help to enrich people's life experiences
D) whether it prevented people enjoying what they were doing
53. What do the results of Diehl's experiments show about people taking pictures?
A) They are distracted from what they are doing.
B) They can better remember what they see or do.
C) They are more absorbed in what catches their eye.
D) They can have a better understanding of the world.
54. What is found about museum visitors with the aid of eye-tracking glasses?
A) They come out with better photographs of the exhibits.
B) They focus more on the exhibits when taking pictures.
C) They have a better view of what are on display.
D) They follow the historical events more easily.
55. What do we learn from the last paragraph?
A) It is better to make plans before taking photos.
B) Mental photos can be as beautiful as snapshots.
C) Photographers can derive great joy from the click of the camera.
D) Even the very thought of taking a photo can have a positive effect.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
过去，拥有一辆私家车对大部分中国人而言是件奢侈的事。如今，私家车在中国随处可见。
汽车成了人们生活中不可或缺的一部分,他们不仅开车上下班，还经常驾车出游。有些城市的
汽车增长速度过快，以至于交通拥堵和停车位不足的问题日益严峻，这些城市的市政府不得不
出台新规，限制上路汽车的数量。由于空气污染日益严重,现在越来越多的人选择购买新能源
汽车，中国政府也采取了一些措施，支持新能源汽车的发展。
6 • 11

----- PAGE 13 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
building trust between employers and employees. You can cite examples to illustrate
your views. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 14 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2018年6 月第2 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 15 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation,
you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken
only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ) . Then mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er
S h e e t 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
扫码获音频
1. A) She advocates animal protection.
B) She sells a special kind of coffee.
C) She is going to start a cafe chain.
D) She is the owner of a special cafe.
2. A) They bear a lot of similarities.
B) They are a profitable business sector.
C) They cater to dififerent customers.
D) They help take care of customers7 pets.
3. A) By giving them regular cleaning and injections.
B) By selecting breeds that are tame and peaceful.
C) By placing them at a safe distance from customers.
D) By briefing customers on how to get along with them.
4. A) They want to learn about rabbits. 
C) They love the animals in her cafe.
B) They like to bring in their children. 
D) They give her cafe favorite reviews.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) It contains too many additives. 
C) It can cause obesity.
B) It lacks the essential vitamins. 
D) It is mostly garbage.
6. A) Its fancy design. 
C) Its taste and texture.
B) TV commercials. 
D) Peer influence.
7. A) Investing heavily in the production of sweet foods.
B) Marketing their products with ordinary ingredients.
C) Trying to trick children into buying their products.
D) Offering children more varieties to choose from.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 16 -----
8. A) They hardly ate vegetables.
B) They seldom had junk food.
C) They favored chocolate-coated sweets.
D) They liked the food advertised on TV.
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After
you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A ),
B) , C) and D ). Then mark the corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 1 with a single
line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Stretches of farmland. 
C) Tombs of ancient rulers.
B) Typical Egyptian animal farms. 
D) Ruins left by devastating floods.
10. A) It provides habitats for more primitive tribes.
B) It is hardly associated with great civilizations.
C) It has not yet been fully explored and exploited.
D) It gathers water from many tropical rain forests.
11. A) It carries about one fifth of the world's fresh water.
B) It has numerous human settlements along its banks.
C) It is second only to the Mississippi River in width.
D) It is as long as the Nile and the Yangtze combined.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Living a life in the fast lane leads to success.
B) We are always in a rush to do various things.
C) The search for tranquility has become a trend.
D) All of us actually yearn fbr a slow and calm life.
13. A) She had trouble balancing family and work.
B) She enjoyed the various social events.
C) She was accustomed to tight schedules.
D) She spent all her leisure time writing books.
14. A) The possibility of ruining her family. 
C) The fatigue from living a fast-paced life.
B) Becoming aware of her declining health. 
D) Reading a book about slowing down.
6 • 2

----- PAGE 17 -----
15. A) She started to follow the cultural norms.
B) She came to enjoy doing everyday tasks.
C) She learned to use more polite expressions.
D) She stopped using to-do lists and calendars.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or
four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A) , B) , C) and D ). Then
mark the corresponding letter on A n sw er S h e e t 1 with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) They will root out native species altogether.
C) They pose a threat to the local ecosystem
B) They contribute to a region's biodiversity.
D) They will crossbreed with native species.
17. A) Their classifications are meaningful.
C) Their definitions are changeable.
B) Their interactions are hard to define.
D) Their distinctions are artificial.
18. A) Only a few of them cause problems to native species.
B) They may turn out to benefit the local environment.
C) Few of them can survive in their new habitats.
D) Only 10 percent of them can be naturalized.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Respect their traditional culture. 
C) Research their specific demands.
B) Attend their business seminars. 
D) Adopt the right business strategies.
20. A) Showing them your palm.
B) Giving them gifts of great value.
C) Drinking alcohol on certain days of a month.
D) Clicking your fingers loudly in their presence.
21. A) They are very easy to satisfy. 
C) They tend to be friendly and enthusiastic.
B) They have a strong sense of worth. 
D) They have a break from 2:00 to 5:30 p.m.
6 • 3

----- PAGE 18 -----
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) He completely changed the company's culture.
B) He collected paintings by world-famous artists.
C) He took over the sales department of Reader's Digest.
D) He had the company's boardroom extensively renovated.
23. A) It should be sold at a reasonable price.
B) Its articles should be short and inspiring.
C) It should be published in the world's leading languages.
D) Its articles should entertain blue- and pink-collar workers.
24. A) He knew how to make the magazine profitable.
B) He served as a church minister for many years.
C) He suffered many setbacks and misfortunes in his life.
D) He treated the employees like members of his family.
25. A) It carried many more advertisements. 
C) Several hundred of its employees got fired.
B) George Grune joined it as an ad salesman. 
D) Its subscriptions increased considerably.
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ；
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word
for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read
the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is
identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er
S h eet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the
bank more than once.
Did Sarah Josepha Hale write "Mary's Little Lamb,“ the eternal nursery rhyme (儿歌)about a
girl named Mary with a stubborn lamb? This is still disputed, but it's clear that the woman 
26 
for
writing it was one of America's most foscinating 
27 
. In honor of the poem's publication on May
24, 1830, here's more about the 
28 
author's life.
Hale wasn't just a writer, she was also a 
29 
social advocate, and she was particularly
30 
with an ideal New England, which she associated with abundant Thanksgiving meals that she
claimed had “ a deep moral influence." She began a nationwide 
31 
to have a national holiday
declared that would bring families together while celebrating the 
32 
festivals. In 1863, after 17
years of advocacy including letters to five presidents, Hale got it. President Abraham Lincoln, during
the Civil War, issued a 
33 
setting aside the last Thursday in November for the holiday.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 19 -----
The true authorship of "Mary's Little Lamb" is disputed. According to the New England
Historical Society, Hale wrote only part of the poem, but claimed authorship. Regardless of the author,
it seems that the poem was 
34 
by a real event. When young Mary Sawyer was followed to
school by a lamb in 1816, it caused some problems. A bystander named John Roulstone wrote a
poem about the event. Then, at some point, Hale herself seems to have helped write it. However, if a
1916 piece by her great-niece is to be trusted, Hale claimed fbr the 
35 
of her life that ” some
other people pretended that someone else wrote the poem".
A) campaign
I)
proclamation
B) career
J)
rectified
C) characters
K) reputed
D) features
L) rest
E) fierce
M) supposed
F) inspired
N) traditional
G) latter
0) versatile
H) obsessed
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the
paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more
than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking
the corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 2.
Grow Plants Without Water
[A] Ever since humanity began to form our own food, we've faced the unpredictable rain that is both
friend and enemy. It comes and goes without much warning, and a field of lush (茂盛的)leafy
greens one year can dry up and blow away the next. Food security and fortunes depend on
sufficient rain, and nowhere more so than in Africa, where 96% of formland depends on rain instead
of the irrigation common in more-developed places. It has consequences: South Africa's ongoing
drought- the worst in three decades- will cost it at least a quarter of its com crop this year.
[B] Biologist Jill Farrant of the University of Cape Town in South Africa says that nature has plenty
of answers for people who want to grow crops in places with unpredictable rainfall. She is hard
at work finding a way to take traits from rare wild plants that adapt to extreme dry weather and
use them in food crops. As the earth's climate changes and rainfall becomes even less predictable
in some places, those answers will grow even more valuable. "The type of farming I'm aiming
6 - 5

----- PAGE 20 -----
fbr is literally so that people can survive as ifs going to get more and more dry,“ Farrant says.
[C] Extreme conditions produce extremely tough plants. In the rusty red deserts of South Africa,
steep-sided rocky hills called inselbergs rear up from the plains like the bones of the earth. The
hills are remnants of an earlier geological era, scraped bare of most soil and exposed to the
elements. Yet on these and similar formations in deserts around the world, a few fierce plants
have adapted to endure under ever-changing conditions.
[D] Farrant calls them resurrection plants （复苏植物）. During months without water under a harsh
sun, they wither, shrink and contract until they look like a pile of dead gray leaves. But rainfall
can revive them in a matter of hours. Her time-lapse （间歇性拍摄的）videos of the revivals look
like someone playing a tape of the plant's death in reverse.
[E] The big difference between u drought-tolerantv plants and these tough plants: metabolism. Many
different kinds of plants have developed tactics to weather dry spells. Some plants store reserves
of water to see them through a drought; others send roots deep down to subsurfece water
supplies. But once these plants use up their stored reserve or tap out the underground supply, they
cease growing and start to die. They may be able to handle a drought of some length, and many
people use the term u drought tolerant" to describe such plants, but they never actually stop
needing to consume water, so Farrant prefers to call them drought resistant.
[F] Resurrection plants, defined as those capable of recovering from holding less than 0.1 grams of
water per gram of dry mass, are different. They lack water-storing structures, and their existence
on rock faces prevents them from tapping groundwater, so they have instead developed the ability
to change their metabolism. When they detect an extended dry period, they divert their
metabolisms, producing sugars and certain stress-associated proteins and other materials in their
tissues. As the plant dries, these resources take on first the properties of honey, then rubber, and
finally enter a glass-like state that is u the most stable state that the plant can maintain,n Farrant
says. That slows the planfs metabolism and protects its dried-out tissues. The plants also change
shape, shrinking to minimize the surface area through which their remaining water might
evaporate. They can recover from months and years without water, depending on the species.
[G] What else can do this dry-out-and-revive trick? Seeds-
almost all of them. At the start of her
career, Farrant studied u recalcitrant seeds （顽拗性种子）such as avocados, coffee and lychee.
While tasty, such seeds are delicate- they cannot bud and grow if they dry out （as you may know if
you've ever tried to grow a tree from an avocado pit）. In the seed world, that makes them rare,
because most seeds from flowering plants are quite robust. Most seeds can wait out the dry,
unwelcoming seasons until conditions are right and they sprout （发芽）.Yet once they start growing,
such plants seem not to retain the ability to hit the pause button on metabolism in their stems or leaves.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 21 -----
[H] After completing her Ph D. on seeds, Farrant began investigating whether it might be possible to
isolate the properties that make most seeds so resilient （迅速恢复活力的）and transfer them to
other plant tissues. What Farrant and others have found over the past two decades is that there are
many genes involved in resurrection plants' response to dryness. Many of them are the same that
regulate how seeds become dryness-tolerant while still attached to their parent plants. Now they are
trying to figure out what molecular signaling processes activate those seed-building genes in
resurrection plants- and how to reproduce them in crops. u Most genes are regulated by a master set
of genes,“ Farrant says.“蚀're looking at gene promoters and what would be their master switch "
[I] Once Farrant and her colleagues feel they have a better sense of which switches to throw, they will
have to find the best way to do so in useful crops. "I'm trying three methods of breeding,"
Farrant says: conventional, genetic modification and gene editing. She says she is aware that
plenty of people do not want to eat genetically modified crops, but she is pushing ahead with
every available tool until one works. Farmers and consumers alike can choose whether or not to
use whichever version prevails: u Fm giving people an option."
[J] Farrant and others in the resurrection business got together last year to discuss the best species of
resurrection plant to use as a lab model. Just like medical researchers use rats to test ideas for
human medical treatments, botanists use plants that are relatively easy to grow in a lab or
greenhouse setting to test their ideas fbr related species. The Queensland rock violet is one of the
best studied resurrection plants so far, with a draft genome （基因 图谱）published last year by a
Chinese team. Also last year, Farrant and colleagues published a detailed molecular study of
another candidate, Xerophyta viscosa, a tough-as-nail South African plant with lily-like flowers,
and she says that a genome is on the way. One or both of these models will help researchers test
their ideas- so far mostly done in the lab- on test plots.
[K] Understanding the basic science first is key. There are good reasons why crop plants do not use
dryness defenses already. For instance, there's a high energy cost in switching from a regular
metabolism to an almost-no-water metabolism. It will also be necessary to understand what sort
of yield farmers might expect and to establish the planfs safety. u The yield is never going to be
high," Farrant says, so these plants will be targeted not at Iowa farmers trying to squeeze more
cash out of high-yield fields, but subsistence farmers who need help to survive a drought like the
present one in South Africa. " My vision is for the subsistence farmer/' Farrant says. " I'm
targeting crops that are of African value."
36. There are a couple of plants tough and adaptable enough to survive on bare rocky hills and in
deserts.
37. Farrant is trying to isolate genes in resurrection plants and reproduce them in crops.
6 ・
 7

----- PAGE 22 -----
38. Farmers in South Africa are more at the mercy of nature, especially inconsistent rainfall.
39. Resurrection crops are most likely to be the choice of subsistence farmers.
40. Even though many plants have developed various tactics to cope with dry weather, they cannot
survive a prolonged drought.
41. Despite consumer resistance, researchers are pushing ahead with genetic modification of crops.
42. Most seeds can pull through dry spells and begin growing when conditions are ripe, but once this
process starts, it cannot be held back.
43. Farrant is working hard to cultivate food crops that can survive extreme dryness by studying the
traits of rare wild plants.
44. By adjusting their metabolism, resurrection plants can recover from an extended period of
drought.
45. Resurrection plants can come back to life in a short time after a rainfall.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C)
and D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on
Answer SheBt 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Human memory is notoriously unreliable. Even people with the sharpest facial-recognition skills
can only remember so much.
Its tough to quantify how good a person is at remembering. No one really knows how many
dififerent feces someone can recall, for example, but various estimates tend to hover in the
thousands—based on the number of acquaintances a person might have.
Machines aren't limited this way. Give the right computer a massive database of faces, and it can
process what it sees—then recognize a face ifs told to find—with remarkable speed and precision.
This skill is what supports the enormous promise of facial-recognition software in the 21st century.
It's also what makes contemporary surveillance systems so scary.
The thing is, machines still have limitations when it comes to facial recognition. And scientists
are only just beginning to understand what those constraints are. To begin to figure out how
6 - 8

----- PAGE 23 -----
computers are struggling, researchers at the University of Washington created a massive database of
faces—they call it MegaFace—and tested a variety of facial-recognition algorithms ( 算法) as they
scaled up in complexity. The idea was to test the machines on a database that included up to 1 million
different images of nearly 700,000 different people—and not just a large database featuring a
relatively small number of dififerent faces, more consistent with whafs been used in other research.
As the databases grew, machine accuracy dipped across the board. Algorithms that were right
95% of the time when they were dealing with a 13,000-image database, fbr example, were accurate
about 70% of the time when confronted with 1 million images. Thafs still pretty good, says one of
the researchers, Ira Kemelmacher-Shlizerman. 41 Much better than we expected,she said.
Machines also had difficulty adjusting fbr people who look a lot alike—either doppelgangers ( 长
相极相似的人)，whom the machine would have trouble identifying as two separate people, or the
same person who appeared in different photos at different ages or in different lighting, whom the
machine would incorrectly view as separate people.
u Once we scale up, algorithms must be sensitive to tiny changes in identities and at the same
time invariant to lighting, pose, age," Kemelmacher-Shlizerman said.
The trouble is, for many of the researchers who'd like to design systems to address these
challenges, massive datasets fbr experimentation just don't exist- at least, not in formats that are
accessible to academic researchers. Training sets like the ones Google and Facebook have are private.
There are no public databases that contain millions of faces. MegaFace's creators say ifs the largest
publicly available facial-recognition dataset out there.
u An ultimate face recognition algorithm should perform with billions of people in a dataset,“ the
researchers wrote.
46. Compared with human memory, machines c
a
n
.
A) identify human faces more efficiently 
C) store an unlimited number of human faces
B) tell a friend from a mere acquaintance 
D) perceive images invisible to the human eye
47. Why did researchers create MegaFace?
A) To enlarge the volume of the facial-recognition database.
B) To increase the variety of facial-recognition software.
C) To understand computers' problems with facial recognition.
D) To reduce the complexity of facial-recognition algorithms.
48. What does the passage say about machine accuracy?
A) It falls short of researchers, expectations. 
C) It varies greatly with different algorithms.
B) It improves with added computing power. 
D) It decreases as the database size increases.
49. What is said to be a shortcoming of facial-recognition machines?
A) They cannot easily tell apart people with near-identical appearances.
B) They have difficulty identifying changes in facial expressions.
6 • 9

----- PAGE 24 -----
C) They are not sensitive to minute changes in people's mood.
D) They have problems distinguishing people of the same age.
50. What is the difficulty confronting researchers of facial-recognition machines?
A) No computer is yet able to handle huge datasets of human faces.
B) There do not exist public databases with sufficient face samples.
C) There are no appropriate algorithms to process the face samples.
D) They have trouble converting face datasets into the right format.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
There are currently 21.5 million students in America, and many will be funding their college on
borrowed money. Given that there's now over $ 1.3 trillion in student loans on the books, ifs pretty
clear that many students are far from sensible. The average studenfs debt upon graduation now
approaches $40,000, and as college becomes ever more expensive, calls to make it 44 free" are
multiplying. Even Hillary Clinton says that when it comes to college, u Costs won't be a barrier.v
But the only way college could be free is if the faculty and staff donated their time, the buildings
required no maintenance, and the campuses required no utilities. As long as it's impossible to produce
something from nothing, costs are absolutely a barrier.
The actual question we debate is who should pay fbr people to go to college. If taxpayers are to
bear the cost of forgiving student loans, shouldn't they have a say in how their money is used?
At least taxpayers should be able to decide what students will study on the public dime. If we
are going to force taxpayers to foot the bill fbr college degrees, students should only study those
subjects that are of greatest benefit to taxpayers. After all, students making their own choices in this
respect is what caused the problem in the first place. We simply don't need more poetry, gender
studies, or sociology majors. How do we know which subjects benefit society? Easy.
Average starting salaries give a clear indication of what type of training society needs its new
workers to have. Certainly, there are benefits to a college major beyond the job a student can perform.
But if we're talking about the benefits to society, the only thing that matters is what the major enables
the student to produce for society. And the value of what the student can produce is reflected in the
wage employers are willing to pay the student to produce it.
A low wage fbr elementary school teachers, however, doesn't mean elementary education isn't
important. It simply means there are too many elementary school teachers already.
Meanwhile, there are few who are willing and able to perform jobs requiring a petroleum
engineering major, so the value of one more of those people is very high.
So we can have taxpayers pick up students5 tuition in exchange fbr dictating what those students
will study. Or we can allow students both to choose their majors and pay for their education
themselves. But in the end, one of two things is true:
6 - 10

----- PAGE 25 -----
Either a college major is worth its cost or it isn't. If yes, taxpayer financing isn't needed. If not,
taxpayer financing isn't desirable. Either way, taxpayers have no business paying for students' college
education.
51. What does the author think of college students funding their education through loans?
A) They only expect to get huge returns. 
C) They benefit at taxpayers, expense.
B) They are acting in an irrational way. 
D) They will regret doing so someday.
52. In the author's opinion, free college education i
s
.
A) impractical 
C) a goal to strive for
B) unsustainable 
D) a way to social equality
53. What should students do if taxpayers are to bear their college costs?
A) Work even harder to repay society.
B) Choose their subjects more carefully.
C) Choose majors that will serve society's practical needs.
D) Allow taxpayers to participate in college administration.
54. What does the author say about the value of a student's college education?
A) It is underestimated by profit-seeking employers.
B) It is to be proved by what they can do on the job.
C) It is well reflected in their average starting salary.
D) It is embodied in how they remove social barriers.
55. What message does the author want to convey in the passage?
A) Students should think carefully whether to go to college.
B) Taxpayers should only finance the most gifted students.
C) The worth of a college education is open to debate.
D) College students should fund their own education.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
中国目前拥有世界上最大最快的高速铁路网。高铁列车的运行速度还将继续提升，更多的
城市将修建高铁站。高铁大大缩短了人们出行的时间。相对飞机而言，高铁列车的突出优势在
于准时，因为基本不受天气或交通管制的影响。高铁极大地改变了中国人的生活方式。如今,
它已经成了很多人商务旅行的首选交通工具。越来越多的人也在假日乘高铁外出旅游。还有
不少年轻人选择在一个城市工作而在邻近城市居住，每天乘高铁上下班。
6 • 11

----- PAGE 26 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
building trust between teachers and students. You can cite examples to illustrate your
views. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！

----- PAGE 27 -----
机密★启用前
大学英语六级考试
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST
—Band Six一
（2018年6 月第3 套）
试题册
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
敬告考生
一、在答题前，请认真完成以下内容：
1 . 请检查试题册背面条形码粘贴条、答题卡的印刷质量，如有问题及时向监考员反映,
确认无误后完成以下两点要求。
2 .请将试题册背面条形码粘贴条揭下后粘贴在答题卡1 的条形码粘贴框内，并将姓名和
准考证号填写在试题册背面相应位置。
3 .请在答题卡1 和答题卡2 指定位置用黑色签字笔填写准考证号、姓名和学校名称，并
用HB-2B铅笔将对应准考证号的信息点涂黑。
二、在考试过程中，请注意以下内容：
1 . 所有题目必须在答题卡上规定位置作答，在试题册上或答题卡上非规定位置的作答一
律无效。
2 .请在规定时间内在答题卡指定位置依次完成作文、听力、阅读、翻译各部分考试，作
答作文期间不得翻阅该试题册。听力录音播放完毕后，请立即停止作答，监考员将立
即收回答题卡1 , 得到监考员指令后方可继续作答。
3 .作文题内容印在试题册背面，作文题及其他主观题必须用黑色签字笔在答题卡指定区
域内作答。
4 .选择题均为单选题，错选、不选或多选将不得分，作答时必须使用HB-2B铅笔在答题
卡上相应位置填涂，修改时须用橡皮擦净。
三、以下情况按违规处理：
1 .未正确填写（涂）个人信息，错贴、不贴、毁损条形码粘贴条。
2 . 未按规定翻阅试题册、提前阅读试题、提前或在收答题卡期间作答。
3 .未用所规定的笔作答、折叠或毁损答题卡导致无法评卷。
4 . 考试期间在非听力考试时间佩戴耳机。
全国大学英语四、六级考试委员会

----- PAGE 28 -----
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
特别说明
¥ 
六级考试每次仅考两套听力 
«
I
第三套听力试题同第一套或第二套试题一致I
, ^ » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » » 7 1
Part III 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions ：
 In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word
for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read
the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is
identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on A nsw er
S h eet 2  with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the
bank more than once.
When Elon Musk says that his new priority is using artificial intelligence to build domestic
robots, we should look forward to the day in admiration.
Mr. Musk is a guy who gets things done. The founder of two tech companies, Tesla Motors and
SpaceX, is bringing electric vehicles to mass market and 
26 
humans to live on other planets.
This sounds like so much hot air, but the near $13 billion fortune this entrepreneur has 
27
comes from practical achievements rather than hypothetical ones.
A lot of clever people are 
28 
about artificial intelligence, fearing that robots will one day
become so 
29 
that they'll murder all of us. These fears are mostly 
30 
: as with hysteria
about genetic modification, we humans are generally wise enough to manage these problems with
speed and care.
And just think of how wonderful it would be if you had a live-in robot. It could, 
31 
, be like
having a babysitter and a nurse rolled into one — or, if that required 
32 
intelligence beyond the
power of Mr. Musk's imagined machine, at least someone to chop the carrots, wash the car and mow
the lawn. Once purchased and trained, this would allow the 
33 
user to save money and time,
freeing up 
34 
space in our busy lives to read a good book.
That is why we welcome Mr. Musk's latest 
35 
, and wish him well. As long as robots add to
the sum of human happiness, reduce suffering, and create time to read world-class journalism, we
should be their fans, especially since journalism is one job robots will never do.
6 - 1

----- PAGE 29 -----
A) amassed
I) misleading
B) casual
J) precious
C) emotional
K) reward
D) enabling
L) smart
E) eventually
M) sphere
F) exaggerated
N) terrified
G) extravagant
0) venture
H) generously
Section B
Directions ：
 In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the
paragraph from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more
than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking
the corresponding letter on A nsw er S h eet 2.
In the real world, nobody cares that you went to an Ivy League school
[A] As a high school junior, everything in my life revolved around getting into the right college. I
diligently attended my SAT, ACT, and Advanced Placement test preparation courses. I juggled
(尽力应付)cross-country and track schedules, newspaper staff, and my church's youth group
and drama team. I didn't drink, party, or even do much dating. The right college, I thought, was
one with prestige, one with a name. It didn't have to be the Ivy League, but it needed to be a
u top school.n
[B] Looking back now, nine years later, I can't remember exactly what it was about these universities
that made them seem so much better. Was it a curriculum that appeared more rigorous, perhaps? Or
an alumni network that I hoped would open doors down the line? Maybe. "I do think there are
advantages to schools with more recognition," notes Marybeth Gasman, a professor of higher
education at the University of Pennsylvania. UI don't necessarily think thafs a reason to go to one."
[C] In reflection, my firm belief in the power of the brand was naive, not to mention a bit snobby. I
quickly passed over state schools and southern schools, believing their curriculums to be
automatically inferior to northeastern or western counterparts. Instead, I dreamed of living in
New York City and my parents obliged me with a visit to New York University's (NYU)
campus. During the tour, tuition fees were discussed. (NYU is consistently ranked one of the
country's most expensive schools, with room and board costs totaling upwards of $64,000 a
year.) Up until then, I hadn't truly realized just how expensive an education can be. Over the
next few months, I realized not only could I not afford my dream school, I couldn't even afford
6 • 2

----- PAGE 30 -----
the ones where I'd been accepted. City University of New York (CUNY), Rutgers University,
and Indiana University were out of reach as were Mississippi State and the University of
Alabama, where I would have to pay out-of-state fees. Further complicating my college search
was a flourishing track career—I wanted to keep running but my times weren't quite fast
enough to secure a scholarship.
[D] And so, at 11pm on the night of Georgia State University's (GSU) midnight deadline, I applied
online. Rated No. 466 overall on Forbes, Lists Top Colleges, No. 183 in Research Universities,
and No. 108 in the South, I can't say it was my top choice. Still, the track coach had offered me a
walk-on spot, and I actually found the urban Atlanta campus a decent consolation prize after New
York City.
[E] While it may have been practical, it wasn't prestigious. But here's the thing: I loved my u lower-
tier' (低层次的)university. (I use the term u low-tier" cautiously, because GSU is a well-
regarded research institution that attracts high quality professors and faculty from all over the
country.) We are taught to believe that only by going to the best schools and getting the best
grades can we escape the rat race and build a better future. But what if lower-tier colleges and
universities were the ticket to escaping the rat race? After all, where else can you leave school
with a decent degree—but without a lifetime of debt?
[F] My school didn't come pre-packaged like the more popular options, so we were left to take care
of ourselves, figuring out city life and trying to complete degree programs that no one was
championing for us to succeed in. What I'm saying is, I loved my university because it taught us
all to be resourceful and we could make what we wanted out of it.
[G] I was lucky enough to have my tuition covered by a lottery-funded scholarship called HOPE
(Helping Outstanding Pupils Educationally). When I started college, the HOPE scholarship was
funded by the state of Georgia and offered to graduating high school seniors with a GPA of 3.0
or higher. Living costs and books I paid for with money earned during high school, supplemented
by a small college fund my deceased grandfather left for me and a modest savings account my
parents created when I was born.
[H] So what about all that name recognition? Sure, many of my colleagues and competitors have
more glamorous alma /waters (母校)than I do. As a journalist, I have competed against NYU,
Columbia, and Northeastern graduates for jobs. And yet, not a single interviewer has ever asked
me about my educational background. In fact, almost every interview I've ever had was due to a
connection -  one that Fve gained through pure determination, not a school brand.
[I] According to The Boston Globe, students who earned their bachelofs in 2012 have an average
monthly loan payment of $312, which is one-third more than those who graduated in 2004.
Ultimately, thafs the thing universities don't want to admit. Private universities are money-making
6 • 3

----- PAGE 31 -----
institutions. If you can afford to buy prestige, thafs your choice. For the rest of us, however, our
hearty lower-tiered universities are just fine, thank you.
[J] Wealthy universities talk up the benefits their name will give graduates: namely, strong alumni
networks, star faculty, and a resume boost. But you needn't attend an Ivy League school to reap
those rewards. Ludacris and the former CEO of Bank of America Ken Lewis are alumni of my
college, as well as VICE'S first female editor-in-chief, Ellis Jones. Successful people tend to be
successful no matter where they go to school, and lower-tier schools can have alumni networks
just as strong as their big name counterparts. In fact, lower-tier school alumni networks are
arguably stronger, because fellow alumni recognize that you didn't necessarily have an easy path
to follow. They might be more willing to offer career help, because your less famous school
denotes that, like them, you are also full of energy and perseverance.
[K] The Washington Post reported on a recent study by Princeton economists, in which college
graduates who applied to the most selective schools in the 12th grade were compared to those
who applied to slightly less selective schools. They found that students with more potential earned
more as adults, and the reverse held true as well, no matter where they went to school.
[L] Likewise, star faculty are not always found where you'd expect. Big name schools are not
necessarily the best places for professors; plus, many professors split teaching time between
multiple colleges and/or universities. This means, for instance, a CUNY student could reasonably
expect to receive the same quality of instruction from a prestigious professor as they would if
they were enrolled in the same class at NYU.
[M] Ifs possible that some hiring managers may be drawn to candidates with a particular educational
resume, but it's no guarantee. According to a 2012 survey described in The Atlantic, college
reputation ranked lowest in relative importance of attributes in evaluating graduates for hire,
beaten out by top factors like internships, employment during college, college major, volunteer
experience, and extracurriculars.
[N] Maybe students who choose less prestigious universities are bound to succeed because they are
determined to. I tend to think so. In any case, if I could do it again, I'd still make the same
choice. Today I'm debt-free, resourceful- and I understand that even the shiniest packaging can't
predict what you'll find on the inside.
36. Modest institutions can also have successful graduates and strong alumni networks.
37. The money the author made in high school helped pay for her living expenses and books at college.
38. The author came to see how costly college education could be when she was trying to choose a
university to attend.
6 , 4

----- PAGE 32 -----
39. A recent study found that a graduate's salary is determined by their potential, not the university
they attended.
40. The author cannot recall for sure what made certain top universities appear a lot better.
41. None of the author's job interviewers cared which college she went to.
42. The author thinks she did the right thing in choosing a less prestigious university.
43. In order to be admitted to a prestigious university, the author took part in various extracurricular
activities and attended test preparation courses.
44. The author liked her university which was not prestigious but less expensive.
45. Colleges are reluctant to admit that graduates today are in heavier debt.
Section C
Directions ：
 There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A ) , B ) , C)
and D ). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on
AnSWGr Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Economically speaking, are we better off than we were ten years ago? Twenty years ago?
In their thirst for evidence on this issue, commentators seized on the recent report by the Census
Bureau, which found that average household income rose by 5.2% in 2015. Unfortunately, that
conclusion puts too much weight on a useful, but flawed and incomplete, statistic. Among the more
significant problems with the Census's measure are that: 1) it excludes taxes, transfers, and
compensation like employer-provided health insurance; and 2) it is based on surveys rather than data.
Even if precisely measured, income data exclude important determinants of economic well-being,
such as the hours of work needed to earn that income.
While thinking about the question, we came across a recently published article by Charles Jones
and Peter Klenow, which proposes an interesting new measure of economic welfare. While by no means
perfect, it is considerably more comprehensive than average income, taking into account not only
growth in consumption per person but also changes in working time, life expectancy, and inequality.
Moreover, it can be used to assess economic performance both across countries and over time.
The Jones-Klenow method can be illustrated by a cross-country example. Suppose we want to
compare the economic welfare of citizens of the U.S. and France in 2005.
In 2005, as the authors observe, real consumption per person in France was only 60% as high as
6 - 5

----- PAGE 33 -----
the U.S., making it appear that Americans were economically much better off than the French on
average. However, that comparison omits other relevant factors: leisure time, life expectancy, and
economic inequality. The French take longer vacations and retire earlier, so typically work fewer
hours; they enjoy a higher life expectancy, presumably reflecting advantages with respect to health
care, diet, lifestyle, and the like; and income and consumption are somewhat more equally distributed
there than in the U.S. Because of these differences, comparing France's consumption with the U.S.'s
overstates the gap in economic welfare.
Similar calculations can be used to compare the U.S. and other countries. For example, this
calculation puts economic welfare in the United Kingdom at 97% of U. S. levels, but estimates
Mexican well-being at 22% .
The Jones-Klenow measure can also assess an economy's performance over time. According to
this measure, as of the early-to-mid-2000s, the U.S. had the highest economic welfare of any large
country. Since 2007, economic welfare in the U.S. has continued to improve. However, the pace of
improvement has slowed markedly.
Methodologically, the lesson from the Jones-Klenow research is that economic welfare is multi­
dimensional. Their approach is flexible enough that in principle other important quality-of-life changes
could be incorporated- for example, decreases in total emissions of pollutants and declines in crime rates.
46. What does the author think of the 2015 report by the Census Bureau?
A) It is based on questionable statistics.
B) It reflects the economic changes.
C) It evidences the improved welfare.
D) It provides much food for thought.
47. What does the author say about the Jones-Klenow method?
A) It is widely used to compare the economic growth across countries.
B) It revolutionizes the way of measuring ordinary people's livelihood.
C) It focuses on people's consumption rather than their average income.
D) It is a more comprehensive measure of people's economic well-being.
48. What do Jones and Klenow think of the comparison between France and the U.S. in terms of real
consumption per person?
A) It reflected the existing big gap between the two economies.
B) It neglected many important indicators of people's welfare.
C) It covered up the differences between individual citizens.
D) It failed to count in their difference in natural resources.
49. What is an advantage of the Jones-Klenow method?
A) It can accurately pinpoint a country's current economic problems.
B) It can help to raise people's awareness of their economic well-being.
C) It can diagnose the causes of a country's slowing pace of economic improvement.
D) It can compare a country's economic conditions between different periods of time.
6 • 6

----- PAGE 34 -----
50. What can we infer from the passage about American people's economic well-being?
A) It is much better than that of their European counterparts.
B) It has been on the decline ever since the turn of the century.
C) It has not improved as much as reported by the Census Bureau.
D) It has not been accurately assessed and reported since mid-2000s.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
If you've ever started a sentence with, “If I were you...n or found yourself scratching your head
at a colleague's agony over a decision when the answer is crystal-clear, there's a scientific reason
behind it. Our own decision-making abilities can become depleted over the course of the day causing
indecision or poor choices, but choosing on behalf of someone else is an enjoyable task that doesn't
suffer the same pitfalls.
The problem is u decision fatigue,“ a psychological phenomenon that takes a toll on the quality
of your choices after a long day of decision making, says Evan Polman, a leading psychologist.
Physicians who have been on the job for several hours, for example, are more likely to prescribe
antibiotics to patients when ifs unwise to do so. " Presumably ifs because ifs simple and easy to write
a prescription and consider a patient case closed rather than investigate further,n Polman says.
But decision fatigue goes away when you are making the decision for someone else. When
people imagine themselves as advisers and imagine their own choices as belonging to someone else,
they feel less tired and rely less on decision shortcuts to make those choices. u By taking upon the
role of adviser rather than decision maker, one does not suffer the consequences of decision fatigue,"
he says. "It's as if there's something fun and liberating about making someone else's choice.,,
Getting input from others not only offers a fresh perspective and thought process, it often also
includes riskier choices. While this sounds undesirable, it can be quite good, says Polman. "When
people experience decision fatigue- when they are tired of making choices- they have a tendency to
choose to go with the status quo ( 现才发he says. u But the status quo can be problematic, since a
change in the course of action can sometimes be important and lead to a positive outcome.n
In order to achieve a successful outcome or reward, some level of risk is almost always essential.
“People who are susceptible to decision fatigue will likely choose to do nothing over something,n he
says. " Thafs not to say that risk is always good, but it is related to taking action, whereas decision
fatigue assuredly leads to inaction and the possible chagrin (懊恼) of a decision maker who might
otherwise prefer a new course but is unfortunately hindered.M
Just because you can make good choices for others doesn't mean you'll do the same for yourself,
Polman cautions. u Research has found that women negotiate higher salaries for others than they do
fbr themselves," he says, adding that people slip in and out of decision roles.
6 ・
 7

----- PAGE 35 -----
51. What does the author say about people making decisions?
A) They may become exhausted by making too many decisions for themselves.
B) They are more cautious in making decisions for others than for themselves.
C) They tend to make decisions the way they think advantageous to them.
D) They show considerable differences in their decision-making abilities.
52. What does the example about the physicians illustrate?
A) Patients seldom receive due care towards the end of the day.
B) Prescription of antibiotics can be harmful to patients5 health.
C) Decision fatigue may prevent people making wise decisions.
D) Medical doctors are especially susceptible to decision fatigue.
53. When do people feel less decision fatigue?
A) When they take decision shortcuts.
B) When they help others to make decisions.
C) When they have major decisions to make.
D) When they have advisers to turn to.
54. What are people likely to do when decision fatigue sets in?
A) They turn to physicians for advice.
B) They tend to make risky decisions.
C) They adopt a totally new perspective.
D) They refrain from trying anything new.
55. What does the passage say about taking some risk in decision making?
A) It is vital for one to reach the goal desired.
B) It is likely to entail serious consequences.
C) It will enable people to be more creative.
D) It will more often than not end in regret.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into
English. You should write your answer on A n sw er S h eet 2.
自行车曾经是中国城乡最主要的交通工具，中国一度被称为“自行车王国”。如今,随着城
市交通拥堵和空气污染日益严重,骑自行车又开始流行起来。近来，中国企业家将移动互联网
技术与传统自行车结合在一起，发明了一种称为共享嚷至(shared bikes)的商业模式。共享单
车的出现使骑车出行更加方便，人们仅需一部手机就可以随时使用共享单车。为了鼓励人们骑
车出行,很多城市修建了自行车道。现在，越来越多的中国人也喜欢通过骑车健身。
6 • 8

----- PAGE 36 -----
未得到监考教师指令前，不得翻阅该试题册!
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes)
(请于正式开考后半小时内完成该部分，之后将进行听力考试)
Directions ：
 For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of
building trust between businesses and consumers. You can cite examples to illustrate
your views. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
请用黑色签字笔在答题卡1 指定区域内作答作文题，在试题册上的作答无效!
请认真填写以下信息:
准考证号：
姓 
名:_
错填、未填以上信息，按违规处理！
