
----- PAGE 1 -----
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（三） 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

----- PAGE 2 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（三） 
- 2 - 
 
 
 
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes) 
 
Directions : For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of having a sense of 
community responsibility. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words. 
 
Part II Listening Comprehension 
(25 minutes) 
 
Directions: Answer the questions 1 to 4 based on the following conversation. 
 
1. 
A.Magazine reporter 
B.Fashion designer 
C.Website designer 
D.Features editor 
2. 
A.Designing sports clothing 
B.Consulting fashion experts 
C.Answering daily emails 
D.Interviewing job-seekers 
3. 
A.It is challenging. 
B.It is fascinating. 
C.It is tiresome. 
D.It is fashionable. 
4. 
A.Her persistence 
B.Her experience 
C.Her competence 
D.Her confidence 
 
Directions: Answer the questions 5 to 8 based on the following conversation. 
 
5. 
A.It is enjoyable. 
B.It is educational. 
C.It is divorced from real life. 
D.It is adapted from a drama. 
6. 
A.All the roles are played by famous actors and actresses. 
B.It is based on the real-life experiences of some celebrities. 
C.Its plots and events reveal a lot about Frankie&#39;s actual life. 
D.It is written, directed, edite d and produced by Frankie himself. 
7. 
A.Go to the theater and enjoy it. 
B.Recommend it to her friends. 
C.Watch it with the man. 
D.Download and watch it. 
8. 
A.It has drawn criticisms from scientists. 
B.It has been showing for over a decade. 
C.It is a ridiculous piece of satire. 
D.It is against common sense. 
 
Directions: Answer the questions 9 to 11 based on the following passage. 
 
9. 
A.They are likely to get injured when moving too fast. 
B.They believe in team spirit for good performance. 
C.They need to keep moving to avoid getting hurt. 

----- PAGE 3 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（三） 
- 3 - 
 
 
 
D.They have to learn how to avoid body contact. 
10. 
A.They do not have many years to live after retirement. 
B.They tend to live a longer life with early retirement. 
C.They do not start enjoying life until full retirement. 
D.They keep themselves busy even after retirement. 
11. 
A.It prevents us from worrying. 
B.It slows down our aging process. 
C.It enables us to accomplish more in life. 
D.It provides us with more chances to learn. 
 
Directions: Answer the questions 12 to 15 based on the following passage. 
 
12. 
A.It tends to dwell upon their joyous experiences. 
B.It wanders for almost half of their waking time. 
C.It has trouble concentrating after a brain injury. 
D.It tends to be affected by their negative feelings. 
13. 
A.To find how happiness relates to daydreaming. 
B.To observe how one&#39;s mind affects one&#39;s behavior. 
C.To see why daydreaming impacts what one is doing. 
D.To study the relation between heal th and daydreaming. 
14. 
A.It helps them make good decisions. 
B.It helps them tap their potentials. 
C.It contributes to their creativity. 
D.It contributes to clear thinking. 
15. 
A.Subjects with clear goals in mind outperformed those without clear goals. 
B.The difference in performance between the two groups was insignificant. 
C.Non-daydreamers were more focused on their tasks than daydreamers. 
D.Daydreamers did better than non-daydreamers in task performance. 
 
Directions: Answer the questions 16 to 18 based on the following recording. 
 
16. 
A.They are the oldest buildings in Europe. 
B.They are part of the Christian tradition. 
C.They are renovated to attract tourists. 
D.They are in worsening condition. 
17. 
A.They have a history of 14 centuries. 
B.They are 40 metres tall on average. 
C.They are without foundations. 
D.They consist of several storeys. 
18. 
A.Wood was harmonious with nature. 
B.Wooden buildings kept the cold out. 
C.Timber was abundant in Scandinavia. 
D.The Vikings liked wooden strctures. 
 
Directions: Answer the questions 19 to 21 based on the following recording. 
 
19. 

----- PAGE 4 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（三） 
- 4 - 
 
 
 
A.Similarities between human babies and baby animals. 
B.Cognitive features of different newly born mammals. 
C.Adults influence on children. 
D.Abilities of human babies. 
20. 
A.They can distinguish a happy tune from a sad one. 
B.They love happy melodies more than sad ones. 
C.They fall asleep easily while listening to music. 
D.They are already sensitive to beats and rhythms. 
21. 
A.Infants&#39;facial expressions. 
B.Babies emotions. 
C.Babies&#39; interaction with adult. 
D.Infants&#39; behaviors. 
 
Directions: Answer the questions 22 to 25 based on the following recording. 
 
22. 
A.It may harm the culture of today&#39;s workplace. 
B.It may hinder individual career advancement. 
C.It may result in unwillingness to take risks. 
D.It may put too much pressure on team members. 
23. 
A.They can hardly give expression to their original views. 
B.They can become less motivated to do projects of their own. 
C.They may find it hard to get their contributions recognized. 
D.They may eventually lose their confidence and creativity. 
24. 
A.They can enlarge their professional circle. 
B.They can get chances to engage in research. 
C.They can make the best use of their expertise. 
D.They can complete the project more easily. 
25. 
A.It may cause lots of arguments in a team. 
B.It may prevent making a timely decision. 
C.It may give rise to a lot of unnecessary expenses. 
D.It may deprive a team of business opportunities. 
 
Part III Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes) 
 
The persistent haze over many of our cities is a reminder of the polluted air that we breathe. Over 80% of the 
worlds urban population is breathing air that fails to meet World Health Organisation sidelines, and an estimated 4.5 
million people died 26 from outdoor air pollution in 2015. 
Globally, urban populations are expected to double in the next 40 years, and an extra 2 billion people will need 
new places to live, as well as services and ways to move around their cities. What is more important, the decisions 
that we make now about the design of our cities will 27 the everyday lives and health of the coming generations. So 
what would a smog-free, or at least low-pollution, city be like? 
Traffic has become 28 with air pollution, and many countries intend to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars in 
the next two decades. But simply 29 to electric cars will not mean pollution-free cities. The level of emissions they 
cause will depend on how the electricity to run them is 30, while brakes, tyres and roads all create tiny airborne 31 as 
they wear out. 
Across the developed world, car use is in decline as more people move to city centres, while young people 

----- PAGE 5 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（三） 
- 5 - 
 
 
 
especially are 32 for other means of travel. Researchers are already asking if motor vehicle use has reached its 33 
and will decline, but transport planners have yet to catch up with this 34, instead of laying new roads to tackle traffic 
jams. As users of London's orbital M25 motorway will know, new roads rapidly fill with more traffic. In the US, 
studies have shown that doubling the size a road can 35 double the traffic, taking us back to the starting point. 
 
A.alternate 
B.crown 
C.determine 
D.generated 
E.locating 
F.merged 
G.miniatures 
H.opting 
I.particles 
J.peak 
K.prematurely 
L.simply 
M.switching 
N.synonymous 
O.trend 
 
Why more Farmers Are Switching to grass-Fed meat and dairy 
[A]Though he didn't come from a farming family, from a young age Tim Joseph was fascinated by the idea of living 
off the land. Reading magazines like The Stockman Grass Farmer and Graze, he "got hooked on the idea of grass- 
fed agriculture—that all energy and wealth comes from the sun,” he explains, "and the shorter the distance between 
the sun and the end product, " the higher the profit to the farmer. 
[B]Joseph wanted to put this theory to the test, so in 2009, he and his wife Laura launched Maple Hill Creamery, an 
organic, all grass-fed yogurt company in upstate New York. He quickly learned what the market has demonstrated: 
Demand for grass-fed products currently outstrips supply. Grass-fed beef is enjoying a 25 to 30 percent annual 
growth rate, while sales of grass-fed yogurt and kefir have in the last year increased by over 38 percent, compared 
with a drop of just under percent in the total yogurt and kefir market, according to natural and organic market 
research company SPINS. Joseph's top priority became getting his hands on enough grass-fed milk to keep 
customers satisfied, since his own 64-cow herd wasn't going to suffice. 
[C]His first partnership was with Paul and Phyllis Van Amburgh, owners of the Sharon Springs, N.Y., farm Dharma 
Lea. The Van Amburghs, too, were true believers in grass-fed. In addition to supplying milk from their own 85-head 
herd they began to help other farmers in the area convert from conventional to certified organic and grass-fed in 
order to enter the Maple hill supply chain. Since 2010, the couple has helped close to 125 small dairy farms convert 
to grass-fed, with more than 80 percent of those farms coming on board during the last two years. 
[D] All this conversion has helped Maple Hill grow 40 to 50 percent every year since it began, says Joseph, with no 
end in sight. Joseph has learned that a farmer has to have a certain mindset to successfully convert. But convincing 
open-minded dairy people is actually not that hard, when you look at the economics. Grass-fed milk can fetch up 
two-and-a-half times the price of conventional milk. Another factor is the squeeze that conventional dairy farmers 
have felt as the price of grain they feed their cows has gone up, tightening their profit margins. By replacing 
expensive grain feed with regenerative management practices grazing animals on grasses coaxed from the 
pastureland's latent seed bank, and fertilized by the cows' own manure—grass-fed farmers are completely insulated 
from spikes in the price of feed. 
[E] Champions of this type of regenerative grazing also point to its animal welfare, climate and health benefits: 
Grass-fed animals live longer out of confinement. Grazing herds stimulate microbial activity in the soil, helping to 
capture water and sequester carbon. And grass-fed dairy and meat have been shown to be higher in certain nutrients 
and healthy fats. 
[F] In the grass-fed system, farmers are also not subject to the wildly fluctuating milk prices of the international 
commodity market. The unpredictability of global demand and the lag-time it takes to add more cows to a herd to 
meet demand can result in events like the recent cheese glut. Going grass-fed is a "safe refuge, " says Joseph, a way 
for "family-scale farms to stay viable.” "Usually a farmer will get to the point where financially, what they're doing 
is not working, says Paul Van Amburgh. That's when they call Maple Hill. If the farm is well managed,has enough 

----- PAGE 6 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（三） 
- 6 - 
 
 
 
land, and the desire to convert is sincere, a relationship can begin. Through regular regional educational meetings, a 
large annual meeting, individual farm visits and thousands of phone calls, the Van Amburghs pass on the principles 
of pasture management. Maple Hill signs a contract pledging to buy the farmer's milk at a guaranteed base price plus 
quality premiums and incentives for higher protein, butterfat and other solids. 
[G] While Maple Hill’s conversion program is unusually hands-on and comprehensive (Joseph calls sharing his 
knowledge network through peer-to-peer learning "a core piece of our culture"), it is just one of a growing number 
of businesses committed to slowly changing the way America farms. Last summer, Massachusetts grass-fed beef 
advocate Ridge Shinn launched Big Picture Beef, a network of small grass-fed beef farms in New England and New 
York that is projected to bring to market 2,500 head of cattle from more than 125 producers this year. Early 
indications are that Shinn will have no shortage of farm members. Since he began to informally announce the 
network at farming conferences and on social media, he's received a steady stream of inquiries from interested 
farmers. 
[H] Shinn says he will provide services ranging from formal seminars to on-farm workshops on holistic 
management, to"one-on-one hand-holding and an almost 24/7 phone hotline" for farmers who are converting. In 
exchange, he guarantees an above-market price for each animal and, for maximum traceability, a calf-to-customer 
electronic ear tag ID system like that used in the European Union. 
[I] Though advocates portray grass-fed products as a win-win situation for all, they do have downsides. Price, for 
one: Joseph says his products are priced 10 to 20 percent above organic versions, but depending on the product 
chosen, compared to non-organic conventional yogurt, consumers could pay a premium of 30 to 50 percent or more 
for grass-fed. As for the meat, Shinn says his grass-fed hamburger will be priced 20 to 25 percent over the 
conventional alternative. But a peek at the prices on online grocer Fresh Direct suggests a grass-fed premium of 
anywhere from 35 to 60 percent. 
[J] And not every farmer has the option of going grass-fed: For both beef and dairy production, it requires, at least in 
the beginning, more pastureland. Grass-fed beef production tends to be more labor intensive as well. But Shinn 
counters that if you factor in the hidden cost of government corn subsidies, environment degradation, and decreased 
human health and animal welfare, grass-fed is the more cost-effective model. "The sun provides the lowest cost of 
production and the cheapest meat, "he says. 
[K] Another grass-fed booster spurring farmers to convert is EPIC, which makes meat-based protein bars. Founders 
Taylor Collins and his wife, Katie Forrest, used to be vegan endurance athletes; now they're advocates of grass-fed 
meat. Very soon after launching EPIC's most successful product - the Bison Bacon Cranberry Bar - Collins and 
Forrest found they 'd exhausted their sources for bison raised exclusively on pasture. 
[L] But after General Mills bought EPIC in 2016, Collins and Forrest suddenly had sources they needed to expand 
their supply chain. So the company teamed up with Wisconsin-based rancher Northstar Bison. EPIC fronted the 
money for the purchase of S2.5 million worth of young bison that will be raised according to its grass-fed protocols, 
with a guaranteed purchase price. 
36. Farmers going grass-fed are not affected by the ever-changing milk prices of the global market. 
 
37. Over the years, Tim Joseph's partners have helped many dairy farmers to switch to grass-fed. 
 
38. One advocate believes that many other benefits should be taken into consideration when we assess the cost- 
effectiveness of grass-fed farming. 
 
39. Many dairy farmers were persuaded to switch to grass-fed when they saw its advantage in terms of profIts. 

----- PAGE 7 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（三） 
- 7 - 
 
 
 
40. Tim Joseph's grass-fed program is only one example of how American farming practice is changing. 
41.Tim Joseph was fascinated by the notion that sunlight brings energy and wealth to mankind. 
42.One problem with grass-fed products is that they are usually more expensive than conventional ones. 
43.Grass-fed products have proved to be healthier and more nutritious. 
44. When Tim Joseph started his business, he found grass-fed products fell short of demand. 
 
45. A snack bar producer discovered that the supply of purely grass-fed bison meat was scarce. 
 
 
Schools are not just a microcosm of society; they mediate it too. The best seek to alleviate the external pressures on 
their pupils while equipping them better to understand and handle the world outside-at once sheltering them and 
broadening their horizons. This is ambitious in any circumstances, and in a divided and unequal society the two 
ideals can clash outright. 
Trips that many adults would consider the adventure of a lifetime-treks in Borneo, a sports tour to Barbadoes-appear 
to have become almost routine at some state schools. Parents are being asked for thousands of pounds. Though 
schools cannot profit from these trips, the companies that arrange them do. Meanwhile, pupils arrive at school hungry 
because their families can’t afford breakfast. The Child Poverty Action Group says nine out of 30 in every classroom 
fall below the poverty line. The discrepancy is startlingly apparent. Introducing a fundraising requirement for 
students does not help, as better-off children can tap up richer aunts and neighbors. 
Probing the rock pools of a local beach or practicing French on a language exchange can fire children’s passions, 
boost their skills and open their eyes to life’s possibilities. Educational outings help bright but disadvantaged students 
to get better scores in A-level test. In this globalized age, there is a good case for international travel, and some 
parents say they can manage the cost of a school trip abroad more easily than a family holiday. Even in the face of 
immense and mounting financial pressures, some schools have shown remarkable determination and ingenuity in 
ensuring that all their pupils are able to take up opportunities that may be truly life-changing. They should be 
applauded. Methods such as whole-school fundraising, with the proceeds pooled, can help to extend opportunities 
and fuel community spirit. 
But ￡3,000 trips cannot be justified when the average income for families with children is just over ￡30,000. Such 
initiatives close doors for many pupils. Some parents pull their children out of school because of expensive field 
trips. Even parents who can see that a trip is little more than a party or celebration may well feel guilt that their child 
is left behind. 
The Department for Education’s guidance says schools can charge only for board and lodging if the trip is part of 
the syllabus, and that students receiving government aid are exempt from these costs. However, many schools seem 
to ignore the advice, and it does not cover the kind of glamorous, exotic trips, which are becoming increasingly 
common. Schools cannot be expected to bring together communities single-handed. But the least we should expect is 
that they do not foster divisions and exclude those who are already disadvantaged. 
46. What does the author say best schools should do? 
A.Prepare students to both challenge and change the divided unequal society. 
B.Protect students from social pressures and enable them to face the world. 
C.Motivate students to develop their physical as well as intellectual abilities. 
D.Encourage students to be ambitious and help them to achieve their goals. 

----- PAGE 8 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（三） 
- 8 - 
 
 
 
47. What does the author think about school field trips? 
A.They enable students from different backgrounds to mix with each other. 
B.They widen the gap between privileged and disadvantaged students. 
C.They give the disadvantaged students a chance to see the world. 
D.They only benefit students with rich relatives and neighbors. 
48. What does the author suggest can help build community spirit? 
A.Events aiming to improve community services. 
B.Activities that help to fuel students’ ingenuity. 
C.Events that require mutual understanding. 
D.Activities involving all students on campus. 
49. What do we learn about low-income parents regarding school field trips? 
A.They want their children to participate even though they don’t see much benefit. 
B.They don’t want their kids to participate but find it hard to keep them from going. 
C.They don&#39;t want their kids to miss any chance to broaden their horizons despite. 
D.They want their children to experience adventures but they don’t want them to run risks. 
50. What is the author’s expectation of schools? 
A.Bringing a community together with ingenuity. 
B.Resolving the existing discrepancies in society. 
C.Avoiding creating new gaps among students. 
D.Giving poor students preferential treatment. 
 
Rising temperatures and overfishing in the pristine （未受污染的） waters around the Antarctic could see King 
penguin populations pushed to the brink of extinction by the end of the century, according to a new study. The 
study’s report states that as global warming transforms the environment in the world’s last great wilderness, 70 
percent of king penguins could either disappear or be forced to find new breeding grounds. 
Co-author Céline Le Bohec, from the University of Strasbourg in France, warned: “If there’re no actions aimed 
at halting or controlling global warming, and the pace of the current human-induced changes such as climate change 
and overfishing stays the same, the species may soon disappear.” The findings come amid growing concern over the 
future of the Antarctic. Earlier this month a separate study found that a combination of climate change and industrial 
fishing is threatening the krill （ 磷 虾 ） population in Antarctic waters, with a potentially disastrous impact on 
whales, seals and penguins. But today’s report is the starkest warning yet of the potentially devastating impact of 
climate change and human exploitation on the Antarctic’s delicate ecosystems. 
Le Bohec said,“Unless current greenhouse gas emissions drop, 70 percent of king penguins—1.1 million 
breeding pairs—will be forced to relocate their breeding grounds, or face extinction by 2100.” King penguins are the 
second-largest type of penguin and only breed on specific isolated islands in the Southern Ocean where there is no 
ice cover and easy access to the sea. As the ocean warms, a body of water called the Antarctic Polar Front—an 
upward movement of nutrient-rich sea that supports a huge abundance of marine life—is being pushed further south. 
This means that king penguins, which feed on fish and krill in this body of water, have to travel further to their 
feeding grounds, leaving their hungry chicks for longer. And as this distance between their breeding grounds and 
their food grows, entire colonies could be wiped out. 
Le Bohec said,“The plight of the king penguin should serve as a warning about the future of entire marine 
environment in the Antarctic. Penguins, like other seabirds and marine mammals, occupy higher levels in the food 
chain and they are what we call bio-indicators of their ecosystems.” Penguins are sensitive indicators of changes in 
marine ecosystems. As such, they are key species for understanding and predicting impacts of global change on 
Antarctic and sub-Antarctic marine ecosystems. The report found that although some king penguins may be able to 
relocate to new breeding grounds closer to their retreating food source, suitable new habitats would be scarce. Only a 
handful of islands in the Southern Ocean are suitable for sustaining large breeding colonies. 

----- PAGE 9 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（三） 
- 9 - 
51. What will happen by 2100, according to the new study?
A.King penguins in the Antarctic will be on the verge of dying out.
B.Sea water will rise to a much higher level around the Antarctic.
C.The melting ice cover will destroy the great Antarctic wilderness.
D.The pristine waters around the Antarctic will disappear forever.
52. What do we learn from the findings of a separate study?
A.Shrinking krill population and rising temperatures could force Antarctic whales to migrate.
B.Human activities have accelerated climate change in the Antarctic region in recent years.
C.Industrial fishing and climate change in the Antarctic region in recent years.
D.Krill fishing in the Antarctic has worsened the pollution of the pristine waters.
53. What does the passage say about king penguins?
A.They will turn out to be the second-largest species of birds to become extinct.
B.Many of them will have to migrate to isolated islands in the Southern Ocean.
C.They feed primarily on only a few kinds of krill in the Antarctic Polar Front.
D.The majority of them may have to find new breeding grounds in the future.
54. What happens when sea levels rise in the Antarctic?
A.Many baby king penguins can&#39;t have food in time.
B.Many king penguins could no longer live on krill.
C.Whales will invade king penguins’ breeding grounds.
D.Whales will have to travel long distances to find food.
55. What do we learn about the Southern Ocean?
A.The king penguins there are reluctant to leave for new breeding grounds.
B.Its conversation is key to the sustainable propagation of Antarctic species.
C.It is most likely to become the ultimate retreat for species like the king penguin.
D.Only a few of its islands can serve as huge breeding grounds for king penguins.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes) 
For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. 
梅花位居中国十大名花之首，源于中国南方，已有三千多年的栽培历史和种植历史。隆冬时节，五颜六色的
梅花不畏严寒，迎着风雪傲然绽放。在中国传统文化中，梅花象征着坚强、纯洁、高雅，激励人们不畏艰 
难、砥砺前行。自古以来，许多诗人和画家从梅花中获取灵感，创作了无数不朽的作品。普通大众也都喜爱
梅花，春节期间常用于家庭装饰。南京市已将梅花定为市花，每年举办梅花节，成千上万的人冒着严寒到梅
花山踏雪赏梅。
