
----- PAGE 1 -----
2016 年6 月英语六级真题及答案
Part I
Writing
（30 minutes）
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on
e-learning. Try to imagine what will happen when more and more
people study online instead of attending school. You are required to write
at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the
questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D).
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) The project the man managed at CucinTech.
B) The updating of technology at CucinTech.
C) The man's switch to a new career.
D) The restructuring of her company.
2. A) Talented personnel.
B) Strategic innovation.
C) Competitive products.
D) Effective promotion.
3. A) Expand the market.
B) Recruit more talents.
C) Innovate constantly.
D) Watch out for his competitors.
4. A) Possible bankruptcy.
B) Unforeseen difficulties.
C) Conflicts within the company.
D) Imitation by one's competitors.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) The job of an interpreter.
B) The stress felt by professionals.
C) The importance of language proficiency
D) The best way to effective communication.
6. A) Promising.
B) Admirable.
C) Rewarding.
D) Meaningful.
7. A) They all have a strong interest in language.
B) They all have professional qualifications.
C) They have all passed language proficiency tests.
D) They have all studied cross-cultural differences.
8. A) It requires a much larger vocabulary.
B) It attaches more importance to accuracy.
C) It is more stressful than simultaneous interpreting.
D) It puts one's long-term memory under more stress.

----- PAGE 2 -----
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you
will hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will
be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best
answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet I with a single line through the
centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It might affect mothers' health.
B) It might disturb infants, sleep.
C) It might increase the risk of infants' death.
D) It might increase mothers' mental distress.
10. A) Mothers who breast-feed their babies have a harder time falling asleep.
B) Mothers who sleep with their babies need a little more sleep each night.
C) Sleeping patterns of mothers greatly affect their newborn babies' health.
D) Sleeping with infants in the same room has a negative impact on mothers.
11. A) Change their sleep patterns to adapt to their newborn babies5.
B) Sleep in the same room but not in the same bed as their babies.
C) Sleep in the same house but not in the same room as their babies.
D) Take precautions to reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) A lot of native languages have already died out in the US.
B) The US ranks first in the number of endangered languages.
C) The efforts to preserve Indian languages have proved fruitless.
D) More money is needed to record the native languages in the US.
13. A) To set up more language schools.
B) To document endangered languages.
C) To educate native American children.
D) To revitalise America's native languages.
14. A) The US governments policy of Americanising Indian children.
B) The failure of American Indian languages to gain an official status.
C) The US governments unwillingness to spend money educating Indians.
D) The long-time isolation of American Indians from the outside world.
15. A) It is being utilised to teach native languages.
B) It tells traditional stories during family time.
C) It speeds up the extinction of native languages.
D) It is widely used in language immersion schools.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed
by three or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After
you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four
choices marked A), B), C) and D), Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It pays them up to half of their previous wages while they look for work.
B) It covers their mortgage payments and medical expenses for 99 weeks.
C) It pays their living expenses until they find employment again.

----- PAGE 3 -----
D) It provides them with the basic necessities of everyday life.
17. A) Creating jobs for the huge army of unemployed workers.
B) Providing training and guidance for unemployed workers.
C) Convincing local lawmakers to extend unemployment benefits.
D) Raising funds to help those having no unemployment insurance.
18. A) To offer them loans they need to start their own businesses.
B) To allow them to postpone their monthly mortgage payments.
C) To create more jobs by encouraging private investments in local companies.
D) To encourage big businesses to hire back workers with government subsidies.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They measured the depths of sea water.
B) They analyzed the water content.
C) They explored the ocean floor.
D) They investigated the ice.
20. A) Eighty percent of the ice disappears in summer time.
B) Most of the ice was accumulated over the past centuries.
C) The ice ensures the survival of many endangered species.
D) The ice decrease is more evident than previously thought.
21. A) Arctic ice is a major source of the world's fresh water.
B) The melting Arctic ice has drowned many coastal cities.
C) The decline of Arctic ice is irreversible.
D) Arctic ice is essential to human survival.
22. A) It will do a lot of harm to mankind.
B) There is no easy way to understand it.
C) It will advance nuclear technology.
D) There is no easy technological solution to it.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) The reason why New Zealand children seem to have better self-control.
B) The relation between children's self-control and their future success.
C) The health problems of children raised by a single parent.
D) The deciding factor in children's academic performance.
24. A) Children raised by single parents will have a hard time in their thirties.
B) Those with a criminal record mostly come from single parent families.
C) Parents must learn to exercise self control in front of their children.
D) Lack of self-control in parents is a disadvantage for their children.
25. A) Self-control can be improved through education.
B) Self-control can improve one's financial situation.
C) Self-control problems may be detected early in children.
D) Self-control problems will diminish as one grows up.
Part III
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to
select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank
following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making
your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark
the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line
through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more
than once.

----- PAGE 4 -----
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
The robotics revolution is set to bring humans face to face with an old
fear—man-made creations as smart and capable as we are but without a moral compass.
As robots take on ever more complex roles, the question naturally 26 : Who will be
responsible when they do something wrong? Manufacturers? Users?
Software writers? The answer depends on the robot.
Robots already save us time, money and energy. In the future, they will improve
our health care, social welfare and standard of living. The 27 of computational power
and engineering advances will 28 enable lower-cost in-home care for the disabled, 29
use of driverless cars that may reduce drunk- and distracted-driving accidents and
countless home and service-industry uses for robots, from street cleaning to food
preparation.
But there are 30 to be problems. Robot cars will crash. A drone ( 遥控飞行
器)operator will 31 someone's privacy. A robotic lawn mower will run over a
neighbor's cat. Juries sympathetic to the 32 of machines will punish entrepreneurs with
company-crushing 33 and damages. What should governments do to protect people
while 34 space for innovation?
Big, complicated systems on which much public safety depends, like driverless
cars, should be built, 35 and sold by manufacturers who take responsibility for ensuring
safety and are liable for accidents. Governments should set safety requirements and
then let insurers price the risk of the robots based on the manufacturer's driving record,
not the passenger's.
A) Arises
B) Ascends
C) Bound
D)Combination
E) Definite
F) Eventually
G) Interfere
H) Invade
I) Manifesting
J) Penalties
K) Preserving
L) Programmed
M) Proximately
N) Victims
O) Widespread
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements
attached to it. Each statement contains information given in one of the
paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.
You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked
with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 2.
Reform and Medical Costs
[A] Americans are deeply concerned about the relentless rise in health care costs
and health insurance premiums. They need to know if reform will help solve the
problem. The answer is that no one has an easy fix for rising medical costs. The

----- PAGE 5 -----
fundamental fix―reshaping how care is delivered and how doctors are paid in a
wasteful, abnormal system—is likely to be achieved only through trial and error and
incremental (渐进的)gains.
[B] The good news is that a bill just approved by the House and a bill approved by
the Senate Finance Committee would implement or test many reforms that should help
slow the rise in medical costs over the long term. As a report in The New England
Journal of Medicine concluded, "Pretty much every proposed innovation found in the
health policy literature these days is contained in these measures.,,
[C] Medical spending, which typically rises faster than wages and the overall
economy, is propelled by two things: the high prices charged for medical services in
this country and the volume of unnecessary care delivered by doctors and hospitals,
which often perform a lot more tests and treatments than a patient really needs.
[D] Here are some of the important proposals in the House and Senate bills to try
to address those problems, and why it is hard to know how well they will work.
[E] Both bills would reduce the rate of growth in annual Medicare payments to
hospitals, nursing homes and other providers by amounts comparable to the
productivity savings routinely made in other industries with the help of new
technologies and new ways to organize work. This proposal could save Medicare more
than $100 billion over the next decade. If private plans demanded similar productivity
savings from providers, and refused to let providers shift additional costs to them, the
savings could be much larger. Critics say Congress will give in to lobbyists and let
inefficient providers off the hook（放过）. That is far less likely to happen if Congress
also adopts strong "pay-go" rules requiring that any increase in payments to providers
be offset by new taxes or budget cuts.
[F] The Senate Finance bill would impose an excise tax （消费税）on health
insurance plans that cost more than $8,000 for an individual or $ 21,000 for a family. It
would most likely cause insurers to redesign plans to fall beneath the threshold.
Enrollees would have to pay more money for many services out of their own pockets,
and that would encourage them to think twice about whether an expensive or redundant
test was worth it. Economists project that most employers would shift money from
expensive health benefits into wages. The House bill has no similar tax. The final
legislation should.
[G] Any doctor who has wrestled with multiple forms from different insurers, or
patients who have tried to understand their own parade of statements, know that
simplification ought to save money. When the health insurance industry was still
cooperating in reform efforts, its trade group offered to provide standardized forms for
automated processing. It estimated that step would save hundreds of billions of dollars
over the next decade. The bills would lock that pledge into law.
[H] The stimulus package provided money to convert the inefficient, paper-driven
medical system to electronic records that can be easily viewed and transmitted. This
requires open investments to help doctors convert. In time it should help restrain costs
by eliminating redundant tests, preventing drug interactions, and helping doctors find
the best treatments.
[I] Virtually all experts agree that the fee-for-service system―doctors are
rewarded for the quantity of care rather than its quality or effectiveness—is a primary
reason that the cost of care is so high. Most agree that the solution is to push doctors to
accept fixed payments to care for a particular illness or for a patient's needs over a year.
No one knows how to make that happen quickly. The bills in both houses would start
pilot projects within Medicare. They include such measures as accountable care
organizations to take charge of a patient's needs with an eye on both cost and quality,

----- PAGE 6 -----
and chronic disease management to make sure the seriously ill, who are responsible for
the bulk of all health care costs, are treated properly. For the most part, these
experiments rely on incentive payments to get doctors to try them.
[J] Testing innovations do no good unless the good experiments are identified and
expanded and the bad ones are dropped. The Senate bill would create an independent
commission to monitor the pilot programs and recommend changes in Medicare's
payment policies to urge providers to adopt reforms that work. The changes would
have to be approved or rejected as a whole by Congress, making it hard fbr
narrow-interest lobbies to bend lawmakers to their will.
[K] The bills in both chambers would create health insurance exchanges on which
small businesses and individuals could choose from an array of private plans and
possibly a public option. All the plans would have to provide standard benefit packages
that would be easy to compare. To get access to millions of new customers, insurers
would have a strong incentive to sell on the exchange. And the head-to-head
competition might give them a strong incentive to lower their prices, perhaps by
accepting slimmer profit margins or demanding better deals from providers.
[L] The final legislation might throw a public plan into the competition, but thanks
to the fierce opposition of the insurance industry and Republican critics, it might not
save much money. The one in the House bill would have to negotiate rates with
providers, rather than using Medicare rates, as many reformers wanted.
[M] The presidents stimulus package is pumping money into research to compare
how well various treatments work. Is surgery, radiation or careful monitoring best for
prostate （前列腺）cancer? Is the latest and most expensive cholesterol-lowering drug
any better than its common competitors? The pending bills would spend additional
money to accelerate this effort.
[N] Critics have charged that this sensible idea would lead to rationing of care.
（That would be true only if you believed that patients should have an unrestrained
right to treatments proven to be inferior.）As a result, the bills do not require, as they
should, that the results of these studies be used to set payment rates in Medicare.
[O] Congress needs to find the courage to allow Medicare to pay preferentially for
treatments proven to be superior. Sometimes the best treatment might be the most
expensive. But overall, we suspect that spending would come down through
elimination of a lot of unnecessary or even dangerous tests and treatments.
[P] The House bill would authorize the secretary of health and human services to
negotiate drug prices in Medicare and Medicaid. Some authoritative analysts doubt that
the secretary would get better deals than private insurers already get. We believe
negotiation could work. It does in other countries.
[Q] Missing from these bills is any serious attempt to rein in malpractice costs.
Malpractice awards do drive up insurance premiums for doctors in high-risk specialties,
and there is some evidence that doctors engage in ''defensive medicine,, by performing
tests and treatments primarily to prove they are not negligent should they get sued.
36. With a tax imposed on expensive health insurance plans, most employers will
likely transfer money from health expenses into wages.
37. Changes in policy would be approved or rejected as a whole so that lobbyists
would find it hard to influence lawmakers.
38. It is not easy to curb the rising medical costs in America.
39. Standardization of forms for automatic processing will save a lot of medical
expenses.
40. Republicans and the insurance industry are strongly opposed to the creation of
a public insurance plan.

----- PAGE 7 -----
41. Conversion of paper to electronic medical records will help eliminate
redundant tests and prevent drug interactions.
42. The high cost of medical services and unnecessary tests and treatments have
driven up medical expenses.
43. One main factor that has driven up medical expenses is that doctors are
compensated for the amount of care rather than its effect.
44. Contrary to analysts' doubts, the author believes drug prices may be lowered
through negotiation.
45. Fair competition might create a strong incentive for insurers to charge less.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is folio-wed by some
questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four
choices marked A）, B）, C）and D）. You should decide on the best choice
and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line
through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Facing water shortages and escalating fertilizer costs, farmers in developing
countries are using raw sewage（下水道污水）to irrigate and fertilize nearly 49 million
acres of cropland, according to a new report— and it may not be a bad thing.
While the practice carries serious health risks for many, those dangers are
outweighed by the social and economic gains for poor urban farmers and consumers
who need affordable food.
"There is a large potential for waste water agriculture to both help and hurt great
numbers of urban consumers,5, said Liqa Raschid-Sally, who led the study.
The report focused on poor urban areas, where farms in or near cities supply
relatively inexpensive food. Most of these operations draw irrigation water from local
rivers or lakes. Unlike developed cities, however, these areas lack advanced
water-treatment facilities, and rivers effectively become sewers （下水道）.
When this water is used for agricultural irrigation, farmers risk absorbing
disease-causing bacteria, as do consumers who eat the produce raw and unwashed.
Nearly 2.2 million people die each year because of diarrhea-related （与腹泻相关的）
diseases, according to_ WHO statistics. More than 80% of those cases can be attributed
to contact with contaminated water and a lack of proper'sanitation. But Pay Drechsel,
an environmental scientist, argues that the social and economic benefits of using
untreated human waste to grow food outweigh the health risks.
Those dangers can be addressed with farmer and consumer education, he said,
while the free water and nutrients from human waste can help urban farmers in
developing countries to escape poverty.
Agriculture is a water-intensive business, accounting for nearly 70% of global
fresh water consumption.
In poor, dry regions, untreated waste water is the only viable irrigation source to
keep farmers in business. In some cases, water is so scarce that farmers break open
sewage pipes transporting waste to local rivers.
Irrigation is the primary agricultural use of human waste in the developing world.
But frequently untreated human waste harvested from lavatories is delivered to farms
and spread as fertilizer.
In most cases, the human waste is used on grain crops, which are eventually

----- PAGE 8 -----
cooked, minimizing the risk of transmitting water-borne diseases. With fertilizer prices
jumping nearly 50% per metric ton over the last year in some places, human waste is an
attractive, and often necessary, alternative.
In cases where sewage mud is used, expensive chemical fertilizer use can be
avoided. The mud contains the same critical nutrients.
"Overly strict standards often James Bartram, a WHO water-health expert, said.
We need to accept that fact across much of the planet, so waste with little or no
treatment will be used in agriculture for good reason."
46. What does the author say about the use of raw sewage for farming?
A) Its risks cannot be overestimated.
B) It should be forbidden altogether.
C) Its benefits outweigh the hazards involved.
D) It is polluting millions of acres of cropland.
47. What is the main problem caused by the use of waste water for irrigation?
A) Rivers and lakes nearby will gradually become contaminated.
B) It will drive producers of chemical fertilizers out of business.
C) Farmers and consumers may be affected by harmful bacteria.-
D) It will make the farm produce less competitive on the market.
48. What is environmental scientist Pay DrechseVs attitude towards the use of
untreated human waste in agriculture?
A) Favorable.
B) Skeptical.
C) Indifferent.
D) Responsible.
49. What does Pay Drechsel think of the risks involved in using untreated human
waste for farming?
A) They have been somewhat exaggerated.
B) They can be dealt with through education.
C) They will be minimized with new technology.
D) They can be addressed by improved sanitation.
50. What do we learn about James Bartram's position on the use of human waste
for farming?
A) He echoes Pay DrechseFs opinion on the issue.
B) He challenges Liqa Raschid-Sally's conclusion.
C) He thinks it the only way out of the current food crisis.
D) He deems it indispensable for combating global poverty.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
These days, nobody needs to cook. Families graze on high-cholesterol take-aways
and microwaved ready-meals. Cooking is an occasional hobby and a vehicle for
celebrity chefs. Which makes it odd that the kitchen has become the heart of the modem
house: what the great hall was to the medieval castle, the kitchen is to the 21st-century
home.
The money spent on kitchens has risen with their status. In America the kitchen
market is now worth $17° billion, five times the country's film industry. In the year to
August 2007, IKEA, a Swedish furniture chain, sold over one million kitchens
worldwide. The average budget for a "major" kitchen overhaul in 2006, calculates
Remodeling magazine, was a staggering $54,000; even a "minor" improvement cost on
average $ 18,000.

----- PAGE 9 -----
Exclusivity, more familiar in the world of high fashion, has reached the kitchen :
Robinson & Cornish, a British manufacturer of custom-made kitchens, offers a
Georgian-style
one
which
would
cost
£145,000-155,000--excluding
building,
plumbing and electrical work. Its big selling point is that nobody else will have it: "You
won't see this kitchen anywhere else in the world."
The elevation of the room that once belonged only to the servants to that of design
showcase for the modem family tells the story of a century of social change. Right into
the early 20th century, kitchens were . smoky, noisy places, generally located
underground, or to the back of the house, and as far from living space as possible. That
was as it should be: kitchens were for servants, and the aspiring middle classes wanted
nothing to do with them.
But as the working classes prospered and the servant shortage set in, housekeeping
became a matter of interest to the educated classes. One of the pioneers of a radical new
way of thinking about the kitchen was Catharine Esther Beecher, sister of Harriet
Beecher Stowe. In American Woman's Home, published in 1869, the Beecher sisters
recommended a scientific approach to household management, designed to enhance the
efficiency of a woman's work and promote order.
Many contemporary ideas about kitchen design can be traced back to another
American, Christine Frederick, who set about enhancing the efficiency of the
housewife. Her 1919 work, Household Engineering: Scientific Management in the
Home, was based on detailed observation of a housewife's daily routine. She borrowed
the principle of efficiency on the factory floor and applied it to domestic tasks on the
kitchen floor.
Frederick's central idea, that “stove, sink and kitchen table must be placed in such
a relation that useless steps are avoided entirely", inspired the first fully fitted kitchen,
designed in the 1920s by Margarete Schut-ter-Lihotsky. It was a modernist triumph,
and many elements remain central features of today's kitchen.
51. What does the author say about the kitchen of today?
A) It is where housewives display their cooking skills.
B) It is where the family entertains important guests.
C) It has become something odd in a modem house.
D) It is regarded as the center of a modem home.
52. Why does the Georgian-style kitchen sell at a very high price?
A) It is believed to have tremendous artistic value.
B) No duplicate is to be found in any other place.
C) It is manufactured by a famous British company.
D) No other manufacturer can produce anything like it.
53. What does the change in the status of the kitchen reflect?
A) Improved living conditions.
B) Women's elevated status.
C) Technological progress.
D) Social change.
54. What was the Beecher sisters5 idea of a kitchen?
A) A place where women could work more efficiently.
B) A place where high technology could be applied.
C) A place of interest to the educated people.
D) A place to experiment with new ideas.
55. What do we learn about today's kitchen?
A) It represents the rapid technological advance in people's daily life.
B) Many of its central features are no different from those of the 1920s.

----- PAGE 10 -----
C) It has been transformed beyond recognition.
D) Many of its functions have changed greatly.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from
Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
深圳是中国广东省一座新开发的城市。在改革开放之前，深圳不过息一个渔
村，仅有三万多人。20 世纪80 年代，中国政府创建了深圳经济特区，作为实施
社会主义市场经济的试验田。如今，深圳的人口已超过1 000 万，整个城市发生
了巨大的变化。
到2014 年，深圳的人均( per-capita )GDP 已达25000 美元，相当于世界上一
些发达国家的水平。就综合经济实力而言，深圳居于中国顶尖城市之列。由于其
独特的地位，深圳也是国内外企业家创业的理想之地。

----- PAGE 11 -----
【参考答案】
【参考范文】
The development of technology has brought people great convenience in the area
of education. Nowadays an increasing number of people are learning online. E-learning
has gained its popularity among people of different ages and different professions.
Though e-learning has become very common in everyday life, people have
developed mixed feelings towards this new mode of learning. Some worry that
e-learning neglects the importance of communication between teachers and students.
Some are concerned that some false or negative information online may impede
students5 learning. In spite of the possible problems that may be caused by e-learning,
the advantages of it still outweigh the disadvantages. E-learning provides learners with
more choices of learning time, which facilitates efficiency of learning. Learners can
learn at their own pace. Besides, learners are exposed to mass information through
online learning. E-learning is usually carried out by combining with traditional learning
nowadays, therefore teachers and students could still have the chance to communicate
face-to-face.
In all, e-learning has become widely used in today’s school. It has provided people
with great efficiency and mass information. If e-learning is properly employed with
caution, it would bring greater benefits for people.
【1-5】ABCDA
【6-10】BBCCD
【11-15】BADAC
【16-20】ABCDD
【21-25】CDBDA
【26-30】ADFOC 【31-35】HNJKL
【36-40】FJAGL 【41-45】HCIPK
【46-50】CCABA 【51-55】DBDAB
【翻译参考译文】
Shenzhen is a newly-developed city in Guangdong Province, China. Before the
reform and opening up, it was only a fishing village with a population of just over
30,000. In the 1980s, the Chinese government established Shenzhen Special Economic
Zone as a pilot of the socialist market economy. Today, Shenzhen has a population of
more than 10 million, and dramatic changes have taken place.
By 2014, the per-capita GDP of Shenzhen has reached 25,000 USD, which
amounts to that of some developed countries. In terms of comprehensive economic
strength, Shenzhen is among the top-tier cities in China. Owing to its unique position, it
is a perfect place for both domestic and foreign entrepreneurs to start their own
businesses.
