
----- PAGE 1 -----
2022年09月大学英语六级考试真题（第1套）
温馨提示：2022年9月英语六级考试实考1套听力， 1套阅读理解， 3套写作与翻译。
Part I 
Writing 
(30minutes) 
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the 
sentence "Nowadays more and more students are becoming increasingly aware of the 
importance of developing digital skills." You can make comments, cite examples or use your 
personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least且Q words but no more 
than 200 words. 
Part II 
Listening Comprehension 
(30 minutes) 
Section A 
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each 
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be 
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four 
choices marked AJ, BJ, CJ and DJ. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with 
a single line through the centre. 
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard. 
1. A) It enables people to earn more money.
C) It helps people with budgeting.
B) It teaches the importance of financing
D) It introduces a novel way to invest.
2. A) Many Americans are not satisfied with their income.
B) Many Americans have no idea about how to invest.
C) Most Americans do not know how to save money.
D) Most Americans do not stick to a budget.
3. A) Keep track of his money.
C) Find more sources of income.
B) Live within his means.
D) Refrain from buying luxuries.
4. A) It offers a greater variety of items.
C) It changes one's way of living.
B) It helps avoid unnecessary spending.
D) It saves one's time for shopping.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard. 
5. A) It is brand-new.
C) It belongs to her mother.
B) It has plenty of rooms.
D) It has been vacant for months.
6. A) Space.
C) Appliances.
B) Tranquillity.
D) Location.
7. A) Talk to his wife about the contract terms.
B) Pay the first month's rent and a deposit.
C) Check the references of the flat owner.
D) Consult his solicitor one more time.
2022年9月英语六级真题第1套第 1页共11页一
英语菌的笔记

----- PAGE 2 -----
8. A) She can have a wonderful view of the pond.
B) She will be much closer to her work place.
C) She can make friends with new neighbours.
D) She will have plenty of space for her shoes.
Section B 
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will 
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once 
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), BJ, 
C) and DJ. Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through
the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard. 
9. A) The more commercials they see, the more brands they get to know
B) The more commercials they see, the more they adore celebrities
C) The more television they watch, the fewer conflicts in the family
D) The more television they watch, the greater their parents' stress
I 0. A) Inform children of the family's financial situation. 
B) Shift children's attention to interesting activities.
C) Involve children in making purchasing decisions
D) Help children understand advertising's intent.
I 1. A) Their limited cognitive ability 
B) Their strong natural curiosity.
C) Their admiration for celebrities.
D) Their lack of social experience.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard. 
12. A) Bad guys may do good deeds
B) Bad guys may go unpunished.
13. A) By what we do.
B) By fair evaluation.
14. A) Learn from them earnestly.
B) Compete with them actively.
15. A) Being dismissed as hypocritical.
B) Not getting the reward they deserve
Section C 
C) Good guys may not always cooperate.
D) Good guys may get unfair treatment.
C) In comparison with others.
D) In accordance with set standards.
C) Leave them alone temporarily.
D) Cooperate with them sincerely.
C) Having to make too many sacrifices.
D) Being misunderstood by people around
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three 
or four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must 
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), BJ, C) and D). Then mark the 
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre 
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard. 
16. A) They are increasingly aware of gender differences
B) They engage themselves in positive recollection.
C) They begin to see the importance of friendship
2022年9月英语六级真题第1套第 2页共11页一
英语菌的笔记

----- PAGE 3 -----
D) They make friends with peers of the same sex.
17. A) Competing for position
B) Pursuing fashion.
18. A) They prioritize romance over friendship.
C) Forging close ties with friends.
D) Fulfilling family obligations
B) They try to strengthen same-sex friendships
C) They begin to take friendship more seriously
D) They compete intensely for romantic partners
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard. 
19. A) They regard it as a matter of sheer privacy.
B) They are worried about being turned down.
C) They fear that their condition will be made widely known.
D) They are afraid to be discriminated against once recruited.
20. A) After receiving a job offer
B) During a job interview.
C) When con伍ming an interview.
D) Upon completing a cover letter.
21. A) Describe the true state of their health.
B) Provide all the information required.
C) Stress the irrelevance of their disability to the job.
D) A void mentioning the name of their dis ab血y
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard. 
22. A) Their scores were least affected by music with speech
B) It was the poorest when there was background speech.
C) Their scores were most depressed with instrumental music.
D) It was disrupted by the sound of an air conditioner or fan.
23. A) It has to do with the type and volume of the background noise
B) It has to do with short-term memory for listening comprehension.
C) It depends on the overlap in processing different kinds of information.
D) It depends on the participants5 ability to concentrate on the task at hand.
24. A) Keep everything as quiet as possible
B) Play nothing but instrumental music.
C) Use vocal material as little as possible.
D) Wear a pair of earphones or headphones
25. A) Sociable people were immune to all distractions.
B) Shy quiet people were most adversely impacted.
C) Less outgoing people were more affected by silence
D) Confident people were unaffected by high-arousal music
2022年9月英语六级真题第1套第3页共11页一
英语菌的笔记

----- PAGE 4 -----
Part III 
Section A 
Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes) 
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one 
word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the 
passage through carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank is identified by 
a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single 
line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once. 
The now extinct passenger pigeon has the dubious honor of being the last species 
anyone ever expected to disappear. At one point, there were more passenger pigeons than 
any other species of bird. Rough ____1L of their population went as high as five billion 
and they accounted for around 40 percent of the total indigenous bird population of North 
America in the early 19th century. 
Despite their huge population, passenger pigeons were ___J:J__ to human intrusion 
into their nesting territory. Their nests were shabby things and two weeks after the eggs 
'the parent pigeons would abandon their offspring, leaving them to take care of 
themselves. People discovered that these baby pigeons were really tasty, and the adult birds 
were also quite ___12__. First the Native Americans and then the transplanted Europeans 
came to consider the birds a great ___J_Q__. 
By the 1850s, commercial trapping of passenger pigeons was proceeding at an _l1 
pace. Hundreds of thousands of the birds were being harvested every day to be made into 
popular pigeon pies. In addition, large _____lL of the pigeons'nesting territory were being 
cleared away for planting crops and creating pasture land. As numerous as the passenger 
pigeons were, they were not an ____TI__ resource. By the 1880s, it was noticed that the bird 
population had become seriously _____11__. The last passenger pigeons killed in the wild 
were shot in 1899. 
Eventually those billions and billions of birds shrank to a single remaining ____lL, a 
passenger pigeon named Martha? who died on September 1, 1914, in captivity at the 
Cincinnati Zoo. In addition to being the end of an era, it was also the first time humans 
were able to exactly time the extinction of a species. 
A) vulnerable
I) hatched
B) unprecedented
J) expired
C) tracts
K) excerpts
D) specimen
L) estimates
E) robust
M) edible
F) refuge
N) depleted
G) plazas
0) delicacy
H) infinite
2022年9月英语六级真题第1套第4页共11页一
英语菌的笔记

----- PAGE 5 -----
Section B 
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. 
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph 
from which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each 
paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on 
Answer Sheet 2. 
Is computer coding a foreign language? 
A) As computer coding has become an increasingly sought-after skill, more K-12 schools
are working it into their curriculums. Some states have considered allowing students to
forgo （放弃）foreign language for coding classes, despite opposition from educators
B) There's a debate over whether it's appropriate to teach coding in elementary schools,
with fierce opinions on each side. When it comes to allowing coding to fill foreign
language requirements, though, most educators agree: Coding should be added to
CU订iculums, but not at the expense of foreign language classes. 
C) The idea is that computer programming is a language, allowing people to communicate
with machines and programs. It's the language of the 21st century and more valuable
than a natural language, some advocates argue. The computer science field is growing
faster than schools can keep up because of budget constraints and a lack of sk仆ls
training for teachers.
D) According to the 2016 U.S. News/Raytheon STEM Index, computer science jobs have
helped boost wages in the U.S., and computer-related jobs hold the top seven positions
in STEM fields for highest number of workers. Foreign language interest, on the other
hand, is declining for the first time since 1995. The number of higher education
language enrollments declined between 2009 and 2013 by more than 111,000 spots,
according to the Modern Language Association of America.
E) "I think the opportunity to give people a choice is important," says Florida state Senator
Jeremy Ring, who introduced a bill last year that would allow Florida students to
choose between foreign language and coding classes for the purpose of university
admissions requirements, "I think if you're going to give two years of language in high
school, you might as well do computer coding."
F) The Florida bill died this year after passing 35-5 in the state Senate when the full
Legislature failed to take action. It would have been the first state to try this initiative.
Ring says that although he will be out of office, an identical bill will be reintroduced
within the next year by others on his behalf. "In the speech I gave on the Senate floor, I
said,'We can be the first state to do this, or we can be the 50th state to do it. It's our
choice. It's going to happen,"'Ring says
G) A Kentucky b仆1 similar to the one in Florida was met with complaints from educators,
and was then amended to promote computer science education initiatives with no
mention of foreign language requirements. Instead, the state will provide support for
higher quality certified teachers for programming classes. Under the Washington bill,
2022年9月英语六级真题第1套第5页共11页一
英语菌的笔记

----- PAGE 6 -----
public universities would accept two years of computer science classes in place of two 
years of foreign language for admission purposes. A report detailing the opinions of 
state university officials is due to the Legislature by November 2017 
H) Texas passed a bill in 2013 that allows students to substitute computer coding only after
they have attempted and perfom记d poorly in a foreign language class. Srini Mandyam,
CTO and co-founder of kid-friendly instructional coding company Tynker, believes
allowing students to forgo foreign language because they struggle with it is unproductive
because every subject, whether art, math or language, is a significant contribution to a
well-rounded existence. "Many students don't fare well with algebra but we never
discuss eliminating it or... say chemistry is now counted as an algebra class," he said via
email." We teach algebra because it's important and we should teach foreign language
and coding for the same reason. Exposure to a wide breadth of subjects and material
results in well-rounded students who are able to make informed decisions… about what
they want to pursue."
I)
Computer science courses already fulfill a math or science high school graduation
requirement in 28 states and the District of Columbia, up from only 12 states in 2013
And while advocates of the bills say they should count as foreign language instead,
opponents stress the importance of balancing computer and foreign language skills
J)
Studies show that bilingualism （双语）correlates with cognitive development, intelligence,
memory and problem solving abilities, according to the American Council on the
Teaching of Foreign Languages. A 2007 study showed that foreign language students
outperfom记d their non-foreign language peers on standardized tests after only two to
three years of study. And while a 2014 report from German and American universities
suggests that programmers are using language (but not mathematical) regions of the
brain when understanding code, critics remain wary. They say that regardless of
cognitive functions, being monolingual is a disadvantage in the increasingly international
economy, even if English has become the de facto （事实上的）language of business
K) "Our world is shrinking but its problems are really growing," says ACTFL National
Language Teacher of the Year Ted Zarrow, who teaches high school Latin in Westwood,
Massachusetts, and has also studied Spanish, French, German, Italian and Greek. "We
need to find a way to put ourselves at the global table and to treat each other with
mutual respect. And learning languages allows us to do that because language is not
part of culture, language is culture
L) Even with the benefits and skill sets languages provide, recruiters and employers value
computer skills more. According to the National Association of Colleges and
Employers'2016 report, study abroad and foreign language fluency were not very
influential in the employee hiring processes, but 55 percent of employers looked for
computer skills on applicants' resumes. However, although 2016 computer science
graduates can expect to make the second highest starting salary compared with other
jobs this year, the Bureau of Labor predicts the demand for computer programmers will
2022年9月英语六级真题第1套第6页共11页一
英语菌的笔记

----- PAGE 7 -----
decrease 8 percent or by 26,500 jobs by 2024 
M) Ring says foreign language sk仆ls are important, but expresses doubt that school districts
could work both coding and language into their curriculum in a significant way because
they lack the time in the school day. "Nothing against language," he says. "I just think
it's something you have to start early and not just have something that you do for a
couple of years in high school," he says
N) Zarrow agrees that foreign language education should begin earlier, but says it is
possible to work both computer programming and foreign language learning into
schools evenly. He suggests an immersive, dual language program where students spend
half the day in English and half the day in another language, as several schools around
the country have successfully implemented. "The study of language fosters a respect for
diversity, a respect for ethnicity and really a respect for language," Zarrow says
0) Though the benefits of computer programming skills are vast, foreign language and
coding experts agree that computer science should be negotiated into cu订iculums rather
than replacing foreign language outright. Mandyam says the two skill sets are essential
but unrelated. "Coding is an incredibly important 21st century skill for our kids to learn,
and that's why we spend so much time trying to teach it," Mandyam says via email
"But I believe it is the same as or even really comparable to learning a foreign language.
It would be a shame to lose something so important for the sake of adding something
else, even something as important as coding. Clearly, education leaders must figure out
a way to teach both."
36. Employers attach more importance to applicants'computer skills than their language
competence.
37. One U. S. state senator proposed that high school students be allowed to study either
foreign language or computer coding.
38. Leaming languages broadens students'international perspective and nurtures mutual
respect among peoples, according to a high school language teacher
39. One U. S. state will see to it that programming classes are taught by quality teachers.
40. Statistics show while computer-related jobs have been on the rise, foreign languages
have become less appealing to American students since mid-1990s.
41. All school subjects are said to be essential to students'well-rounded development.
42. There is consensus among most educators that coding should be taught in schools but
should not replace foreign language.
43. One study showed that foreign language learning improved students' academic
performance.
44. Being short of funding and qualified teachers, schools lag behind the fast developing
computer science field.
45. A distinguished high school language teacher also believes it is advisable to start
learning a foreign language at an earlier age
2022年9月英语六级真题第1套第7页共11页一
英语菌的笔记

----- PAGE 8 -----
Section C 
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions 
or unfinished statements. For each of them there are/our choices marked A), B), C) and D) 
You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 
with a single line through the centre. 
Passage One 
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage. 
The U. S. and China don't agree on much these days. Germany and France share a 
border and a currency but are frequently at odds. The U. K. and India like to march to their 
own drum. But there's one issue on which all these countries see eye to eye: Technology 
companies are too big, too powerful, and too profitable. And that power is only likely to 
intensify, leaving governments with no choice but to confront it head-on by taking the 
companies to court, passing new competition laws, and perhaps even breaking up the tech 
giants. 
China is the latest to implement an anti-trust crackdown, unveiling anti-monopoly 
rules last month. The draft rules followed the s咡）rise suspension of a $ 37 b仆lion stock 
offering by billionaire Jack Ma's Ant Group Co., making clear that no company can evade 
the government's regulation. The moves in China coincide with accelerating efforts in the 
U. S. and Europe to rein in Amazon. com, Apple, Facebook, and Google 
"The big get bigger and bigger but without being better," says Andreas Schwab, a 
German member of the European Parliament who championed a 2014 resolution to break 
up Google, "Growing economic power, growing influence on local markets all over the 
world, and a growing concern of competitors and consumers altogether have made it 
happen now." 
In this new anti-trust era, the old focus on pricing power no longer applies, because 
several of the biggest tech companies have established trillion-dollar monopolies by 
charging consumers next to nothing. Tech giants are increasingly assuming powerful 
positions in banking, finance, advertising, retail, and other markets that force smaller 
businesses to rely on their platforms to reach customers. 
For years, Europe alone confronted the power of d屯ital giants. Governments were 
alarmed that European companies were failing to match Silicon Valley's innovations or to 
stop Google and Facebook from vacuuming up personal data and, with that, advertising 
revenue. Led by Margrethe Vestager, the European Union's competition chief, countries 
have sought to police the market and encourage fair play. 
In China the crackdown has been driven at least partly by fear that the homegrown 
tech industry is becoming too powerful. The country has long championed Alibaba and 
Tencent, but their massive accumulation of data on the Chinese citizenry is a growing 
concern for Beijing. 
In the U.S. , a new breed of anti-trust experts argues that consideration should be given 
2022 年 9 月英语六级真题第 1 套第 8 页共 11 页 一
英语菌的笔记

----- PAGE 9 -----
to privacy, control over data, workers'rights? and the overall impact on smaller companies 
And the public in general have grown increasingly skeptical of social media companies 
More than 60% say the sector has a negative effect on the country, and almost half want 
more regulation for social med团，according to a 2020 Pew Research Center study 
46. What does the author say is the issue all major economic powers have to address?
A) How to ensure the sustainable growth of their tech giants
B) How to keep the competitiveness of their tech companies
C) How to break up the powerful giant tech companies
D) How to stop tech companies from gaining monopoly
47. What does the suspension of Ant Group Co.'s stock offering suggest?
A) All attempts to evade regulation are doomed to failure.
B) All attempts to monopolize sales must be cracked down.
C) All companies must be regulated by the government
D) All companies? domestic or foreign? are created equal
48. How are smaller companies impacted by tech giants'business expansion?
A) They can no longer do business independent of tech giants
B) They are frequently denied access to tech giants'platforms
C) They have to change marketing strateg比s to keep customers
D) They no longer have the power to price their own products
49. What have EU countries done to confront the power of digital giants?
A) They have imposed strict regulation over d屯ital giants'advertising
B) They have considered regulatory action to promote fair competition
C) They have limited sales of d屯ital giants'products
D) They have sought to protect consumers'privacy
50. What do Americans generally think of social media companies according to the author?
A) They are invading people's privacy
B) They are increasingly influential.
C) They are becoming untrustworthy
D) They are growing out of control.
Passage Two 
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage. 
Born from the accessibility of mass air travel, modem international tourism has been 
popularized as "holiday-making" in regions that offer comparative advantages of sand, sun 
2022年9月英语六级真题第1套第9页共11页一
英语菌的笔记

----- PAGE 10 -----
and sea. Travel is often portrayed as a tool for personal growth and tourism as an economic 
motor for destination countries and cities. There is a tendency to assume that tourism is 
good for everyone involved. 
Today the big bang of tourism drives over 1.2 billion tourists across international 
borders annually. Many popular places are literally being loved to death. Recent protests in 
ports of call like Venice and Barcelona against disturbances created by cruise ships show 
the unfortunate consequences of emphasizing quantity over quality in tourism 
Uncontrolled tourism development has become a primary driver of social and 
environmental disruption. Tourism studies provide much documentation of the many 
negative social impacts of tourism and resulting resentment that local populations direct 
toward visitors. 
Antagonism toward tourists typically develops in mature, heavily visited destinations 
Protests in heavily visited destinations suggest that traditional tourism has overstayed its 
welcome. 
Residents often become如strated when the benefits of tourism are not felt locally. 
Although it can generate foreign exchange, income and employment, there's no guarantee 
that multinational hotel chains will allocate these benefits equitably among local 
communities. 
On the contrary, when people stay at large resorts or on cruise ships, they make most 
of their purchases there, leaving local commun山es little opportunity to benefit from tourist 
spending. These forms of tourism widen economic and political gaps between haves and 
have-nots at local destinations. 
In recent decades, local residents in destination communities also have found 
themselves negotiating new cultural boundaries, class dynamics, service industry roles and 
lifestyle transformations. For example, data show that tourism activity corresponds to 
increased social problems as local residents adopt the behaviors of tourists. 
What does all this mean for the everyday traveler? 
F订st, all tourists should make every effort to honor their hosts and respect local 
conditions. This means being prepared to adapt to local customs and norms, rather than 
expecting local conditions to adapt to travelers. 
Second, tourism is a market-based activity and works best when consumers reward 
better performers. In the information age, there's little excuse for travelers being 
uninformed about where their vacation money goes and who it enriches. 
Informed travelers also are better able to distinguish between multinational companies 
and local entrepreneurs whose businesses provide direct social, environmental, and 
economic benefits for local residents. Such businesses are in love with the destination and 
are therefore deserving of market reward. In the long run, being a responsible traveler 
means ensuring net positive impacts for local people and environments. With the 
info皿ation available at our fingertips, there has never been more opportunity to do so. 
2022年9月英语六级真题第1套第 10页共11页一
英语菌的笔记

----- PAGE 11 -----
51. What is the popular assumption about international tourism?
A) Its benefits may compensate for the adverse environmental consequences.
B) Its rapid development is attributed to people's improved living standard
C) It appeals to people in places with favorable geographical conditions
D) It contributes to the economy of destination countries and regions
52. What do we learn from some studies about uncontrolled tourism development?
ives rise to an increase in mass confrontations.
A) It gives ri 
B) It incurs local residents' antagonism to tourists.
C) It inhibits the steady growth of local economy
D) It brings in a large chunk of mobile population.
53. Why does the author say local residents of popular destinations often feel frustrated?
A) They fall victim to social conflicts and environmental disturbances.
B) They have little opportunity to enjoy themselves on cruise ships
C) They cannot find employment in multinational hotel chains.
D) They do not think they benefit as much as they deserve
54. How does the author say local residents in destination communities respond to tourism
activity?
A) They endeavor to adapt to it.
B) They readily adopt new lifestyles
C) They immerse tourists in their culture.
D) They try to upgrade their business models.
55. Wh at can tourists do to exert more positive impacts on the tourist destinations?
A) Show interest in local customs and lifestyles.
B) Seek possibilities to invest in local companies.
C) Use the services provided by local businesses.
D) Give favorable comments about their services.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes) 
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into 
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2. 
贴叠坚(Spring Festival couplets) 是中国人欢度春节的一个重要习俗。春联由一对诗句
和四字横把(horizontal scroll) 组成，诗句和横批用金色或黑色写在红纸上，红色代表幸运，
全色代表财富。春联贴在大门左右两侧和门框上方。春联的诗句体现中国传统诗词的特点，
两句诗的字数相同、
内容相关。横批凸显春联的主题，更是锦上添花。春联以简洁的文字
描绘生动的形象，抒发美好的愿望。当家家户户贴春联时，人们就会意识到春节已经正式拉
开序幕。
2022年9月英语六级真题第1套第 11页共11页一
英语菌的笔记

----- PAGE 12 -----
2022年09月大学英语六级考试真题（第2套）
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes) 
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the 
sentence "Today more and more people begin to realize the pleasures and joys of real-world 
social interaction." You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to 
develop your essay. You should write at leastJJ.Q_words but no more than 2.QQ_words. 
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes) 
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into 
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2. 
自古以来，印章在中国就是身份的凭证和权力的象征。印章不仅具有实用性，
而且也
是一种艺木形式，是一l1集书法与雕刻于一体的古老艺木，
经常被看作与书画并列的独立
艺木品。印章从材料的选择、制作的工艺到字体的设计，都具有极其丰富的美学表现。其
他国家的艺术家通常在其绘画作品上签名，
而中国艺木家则往往在其书画作品上盖上印章
代替签名。这样，印章也就成为作品的组成部分，是体现作品独特性的一种方式。
2022年6月英语六级真题第2套第1页共1页
英语菌的笔记

----- PAGE 13 -----
2022年09月大学英语六级考试真题（第3套）
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes) 
Directions: For this p a  rt, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the 
sentence "It is now widely accepted that mutual trust and openness is the key to promoting 
cooperation." You can make comments,cite examples or use your personal experiences to 
develop your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words 
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes) 
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into 
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2. 
中央电视台总部大楼位于北京市朝阳区，总建筑面积约55万平方术。主楼由两座塔楼
组成，
因其独特的造型，成为这座城市的一个热门景点，每天都吸引众多特客前来参观。
大楼的创新结构是中外建筑师长期合作的成果，
不仅体现了环保意识，
而且大大节约了建
筑材料。中央电视台总部设有一条穿过大楼的专用通道，
向公众展示各个工作室以及中央
电视台的历史。在那里，参观者还可以看到故宫和北京其他地方的壮观景色。
2022年6月英语六级真题第3套第1页共1页
英语菌的笔记
