
----- PAGE 1 -----
大学英语六级考试2024年6月真题(第二套)
PartI
Writing
(30minutes)
Directions:For this part,you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence“Nowadays
more and more college students have come to realize social practice and academic learning are equally
important. ”You can make comments,cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay.You
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.
PartII
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
Section A
Directions :In this section,you will hear two long conversations.At the end ofeach conversation,you will hear
four questions.Both the conversation and the questions will bespoken only once.After you hear a question,you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A),B),C)and D).Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet I with a single line through the centre
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1.A)Read numerous comments users put online.
B)Blended all his food without using a machine.
C)Searched for the state-of-the-art models of blenders
D)Did thorough research on the price of kitchen appliances
2.A)Eating any blended food.
C)Using machines to do her cooking.
B)Buying a blender herself.
D)Making soups and juices for herself.
3.A)Cooking every meal creatively in the kitchen
C)Eating breakfastpunctuallyevery morning.
B)Paying due attention to his personal hygiene.
D)Making his own fresh fruit juice regularly
4.A)One-tenth of it is sugar
C)One's fancy may be tickled by it.
B)It looks healthy and attractive.
D)It contains an assortment ofnutrients.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5.A)How hehas madehimself popular as the mayorof Berkton
B)How the residents will turn Berkton into a tourist attraction.
C)How charming he himself considers the village ofBerkton to be.
D)How he has led people of Berkton to change the village radically
6.A)It was developed only to a limited extent
C)It was relatively unknown to the outside
B)It was totally isolated as a sleepy village.
D)It was endowed with rare natural resources.
7.A)The people in Berkton were in a harmonious atmosphere
B)The majority of residents lived in harmony with their neighbors
C)The majority of residents enjoyed cosy housing conditions
D)All the houses in Berkton looked aesthetically similar.
8.A)They have helped boost the local economy.
B)They have made the residents unusually proud.
·2024年6月六级真题(第二套) ·
10

----- PAGE 2 -----
C)They have contributed considerably to its popularity.
D)They have brought happiness to everyone in the village.
Section B
Directions: In this section,you will hear two passages.At the end ofeach passage,you will hearthree or four
questions.Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once.Afier you hear a question,you must
choose the best answer from the four choices markedA),B),C)and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet I with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9.A)They have created the smallest remote-controlled walking robot in the world.
B)They are going to publish their research findings in the journal Science Robotics.
C)They are the first to build a robot that can bend,crawl,walk,turn and even jump.
D)They are engaged in research on a remote-controlled robot which uses special power.
10.A)It changes its shape by complex hardware
C)Itmoves from one place to another by memory
B)It is operated by a special type of tiny motor
D)It is powered by the elastic property of its body.
11.A)Replace humans in exploratory tasks
C)Explore the structure of clogged arteries.
B)Perform tasks in tightly confined spaces.
D)Assist surgeons in highly complex surgery
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12.A)She threw up in the bathroom.
C)She dozed off for a few minutes.
B)She slept during the entire ride.
D)She boasted of her marathon race.
13.A)They are mostly immune to cognitive impairment.
B)They can sleep soundly during a rough ride at sea.
C)They are genetically determined to need less sleep
D)They constitute about 13 percent ofthe population.
14.A)Whether there is a way to reach elite status.
C)Whether having ababy impacts one's passion.
B)Whether it is possible to modify one's genes.
D)Whether one can train themselves to sleep less.
15.A)It is in fact quite possible to nurture a passion for sleep.
B)Babies can severelydisrupt their parents'sleep patterns
C)Being forced to rise early differs from being an early bird.
D)New parents are forced to jump out of bed at the crack of dawn
Section C
Directions: In this section,you will hear three recordings oflectures or talksfollowed by three orfour questions.
The recordings will be played only once.After you hear a question,you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A),B),C)and D).Then mark the corresponding letter onAnswer Sheet I with a single line
through the centre
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16.A)We have poor awareness of how manycontroversial issues are being debated.
B)No one knows better than yourself what you are thinking about at the moment.
C)No one can change youropinions more than those who speak in a convincing tone.
D)We are likely to underestimate how much we can be swayed by a convincing article
11
·2024年6月六级真题(第二套) ·

----- PAGE 3 -----
17.A)Their belief about physical punishment changed
B)Their memory pushed them toward a current belief.
C)The memory of their initial belief came back to them.
D)Theirexperiences of physical punishment haunted them
18.A)They apparently have little to do with moderate beliefs
B)They don't reflect the changes of view on physical punishment
C)They may not apply to changes to extreme or deeply held beliefs.
D)They are unlikely to alter people's position without more evidence
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you havejust heard.
19.A)American moms have been increasingly inclined to live alone.
B)The American population has been on the rise in the past 25 years
C)American motherhood has actually been on the decline.
D)The fertility rates in America have in fact been falling sharply.
20.A)More new mothers tend to take greater care of their children
B)More new mothers are economically able to raise children.
C)A larger proportion of women take pride in their children.
D)A larger proportion of women really enjoy motherhood.
21.A)The meaning of motherhood has changed considerably.
B)More and more mothers go shopping to treat themselves.
C)More mothers have adult children celebrating the holiday.
D)The number of American mothers has been growing steadily
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22.A)Add to indoor toxic pollutants.
C)Beautify the home environment.
B)Absorb poisonous chemicals.
D)Soak up surrounding moisture.
23.A)NASA did experiments insealed containers resembling the super-insulated offices of1970s.
B)It was based on experiments under conditions unlike those in most homes or offices.
C)NASA conducted tests in outer space whose environment is different from ours
D)It drew its conclusion without any contrastive data from other experiments.
24.A)Natural ventilation proves much more efficient for cleaning the air than house plants
B)Houseplants disperse chemical compounds more quickly with people moving around.
C)Natural ventilation turns out to be most effective with doors and windows wide open
D)Houseplants in a normal environment rarely have any adverse impact on the air.
25.A)The root cause for misinterpretations of scientific findings
B)The difficulty in understanding what's actually happening.
C)The steps to be taken in arriving at any conclusion with certainty.
D)The necessity of continually re-examining and challenging findings.
Part Ⅲ
ReadingComprehension
(40minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section,there is a passage with ten blanks.You are required to select one wordfor each blank
from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage.Read thepassage through carefully before
·2024年6月六级真题(第二套) ·
12

----- PAGE 4 -----
making your choices.Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter.Please mark the corresponding letter for
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.You maynot use any ofthe words in the bank
more than once.
The Sun Is Also a Star is a truly lovely story of love,romance,fate,and destiny.
Natasha is a Jamaican-born immigrant living
26
in America,not by choice exactly.Her parents brought
her over and created the situation she
27
to be out of.
Daniel is an American born of Korean immigrants.He believes in true love,fate,and all that other nonsense
thatNatasha
28 through scientific reasoning.
Daniel and Natasha meet by
29
_on the streets of New York on the day that she is to be
30
.She
doesn't tll him that but does allow him to keep her company while he tries to get her to fall in love with him
over the course of the day.
Natasha is me.I found her so similar to myself.She's scientifically-minded,practical,somewhat cynical,
and always 31
_.Her obsession with the universe through a scientific lens is infectious and I 32
Daniel
seeing that too
Daniel is charming and passionate and has a way with words that even
33
Natasha's tough outer shell
By the end of the book I fell in love with both of them
I used to find romance stories to always be cheap or laughable.I think now I can see the value in escaping
into a story of pure optimism.I got
34
in The Sun Is Also a Star and finishedit cover to cover in a weekend.I
couldn't wait to get to what I hoped would be a happy ending.
It's nice every once in a while to give in to magic.It doesn't have to be a hard fantasy novel with actual
spells,it can be the magic found between two people who just have that special something.That 35
that
causes them to react and spark when they're near each other
A)adore
B)appraise
C)assaults
D)chemistry
E)coincidence
F)cracks
G)deported
H)dismisses
ID)illegally
J)lost
K)perpetually
L)prescribed
M)shrewd
N)skeptical
O)strives
Section B
Directions: In this section,you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it.Each statement
contains information given in one of the paragraphs.Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived.You may choose a paragraph more than once.Each paragraph is marked with a letter.Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
These are the habits to avoid if you want to make a behaviorchange
A)According to recent research,behavioral change involves physical changes in the brain.In the past decade,
researchers have shown that when it comes to the duration of making a new behavior a deep-rooted habit
there is not a simple answer.Even for the most productive and disciplined among us,undoing something that
13
·2024年6月六级真题(第二套) ·

----- PAGE 5 -----
has become an automatic part of who we are takes more than an overnight effort.Once we've successfully
made that change,we then have to make other adjustments to our lives to ensure that we continue to maintain
it,which is often a whole other challenge in itself.
B)At its core,success in changing and maintaining a behavior rarely occurs without the introduction of some
sort of system.When there isn't the right framework in place,we face a greater likelihood ofderailing our
hard-earned progress.To ensure success in changing and maintaining a behavior,we should stay away from
some detrimental habits
C)The first one to avoid is relying on willpower.Think about the last time you vowed to resist a temptation.
Perhaps you didn't want to check your phone every 15 minutes,or you were determined not to reach for a
chocolate bar at 3 p.m.Think about how difficult it must have been not to glance at your phone when it was
within reach,ornot to walk to the vending machine when your afternoon slump hit.
D)The research on whether we have finite or infinite willpower is inconclusive,but experts do generally agree
that you can't change and sustain a habit if you rely on your willpower alone.The old military saying“You
never rise to the occasion,you only sink to the level of training”also applies to behavior change.The idea is
simple—you repeat something so many times that it becomes automatic.
E)Think about what else you can change about your surrounding that makes it easier for you to perform this
change on a daily basis.This is called your“cue.”Basically,it's a trigger to perform that particular habit.If
you don't want to reach for a sugary treat at 3 p.m.,have a box of herbal tea ready at your desk.When 3 p.m.
comes around,that's your cue to pouryourself a cup of hot water and drink that tea,instead of walking to the
vending machine.
F)The second one to avoid is focusing on negative goals.Sometimes,it's not your process that lets you
down,but the habit that you want to change in the first place.For starters,not eating chocolate to beat your
afternoon slump is a harder goal than swapping chocolate for herbal tea when you reach the designated time.
Your brain wants to find routines that have succeeded in the past and allow you to repeat those actions again
in the future without having to think about them explicitly.However,this habit-learning system isn't so
effective when it comes to learning not to do something.That's why rather than giving up something,think
about introducing something in its place.Focus on actions you are going to take that will ultimately conflict
with the behaviors you want to stop.When your attention is on doing something new,you give your habit
system a chance to operate.
G)The third one to avoid is using the same strategies in different circumstances.Because we are creatures
of habit,it's natural to assume that when we do manage to adopt and sustain a desirable behavior,that
same strategy will work when we want to make another behavior change.But that's not always the case.
Sometimes,the system that got you to change one behavior might not work for another.
H)Sometimes we become accustomed to relying on our guts when it comes to decision-making.This serves us
well in certain situations,but can hinder us in others especially when we need to consider metrics and data,
rather than letting our instinct override everything.For example,if you want to stop checking your email
first thing in the morning,you might decide to substitute another activity in its place.But if you want to stop
indulging in video games,simply deciding you will go for a run might not be as effective.You might need to
introduce another reinforcement,such as meetinga friend and booking an exercise class together
I)The fourth one to avoid is not forgiving ourselves for slipping up.Of course,even the best-laid plans fail
sometimes.You might have stuck to your screen-free nighttime routine for five days,and then a big project
landed on your desk and you found yourself in bed with your laptop before you went to sleep.Or you
·2024年6月六级真题(第二套) ·
14

----- PAGE 6 -----
prepared meals on Sunday and stuck to eating healthy dinners at home,but by Friday you found yourself
so exhausted and opted to order greasy takeout.Life happens and even if your behavior change is small,
every single day can prove pretty inflexible,and at some point your luck may run out,even if just for a day.
The perfectionist in you might be screaming to abandon your goals altogether,but try to see it in the bigger
picture.Just because you might have temporarily strayed off course doesn't mean you can't start afresh the
next day.
J)The final one to avoid is discounting small progress.There's a habit that many perfectionists tend to fall into
when they try to establish a behavior change.They focus too much on the big goal and don't take the time
to celebrate the small progress they make in the process.Your brain responds to rewards.The basal ganglia,
the brain region linked to our performance of habits,is most active at the beginning of a behavior,when the
habit is cued,and at the end,when it's rewarded.Say your goal is to run five miles three times a week,and
this week you ran one mile on Monday,Wednesday,and Friday.Rather than focusing on how far you've
gone toward your goal,think about how you can reward yourself for the progress you've made.It doesn't
have to be big or expensive;it can be something as simple as making your favorite fruit juice after your run.
Whatever yourreward,it has to be more than just the activity itself to get you going.
K)Initiating a new behavior usually seems like the hardest part of the process of change.However,people often
fail to adequately prepare for maintaining it.One of the reasons for this is because we mistakenly believe
the strategies we used to initiate the change will be equally effective in helping us continue the change.But
they won't.Where changing a strongly deep-rooted habit requires changing our belief about that habit that
penetrates deeply into our lives,continually manifesting that wisdom requires that we maintain a positive
outlook.If our mood is low,the wisdom to behave differently seems to disappear and we go back to eating
more and exercising less.The key,then,to maintaining new behaviors is to be happy!Which is why it's so
hard to maintain new behaviors.
L)Remember,overcoming the behavioral inertia that prevents us from implementing new changes,like eating a
healthy diet or exercising,can benefit us in the long run and can improve our physical and mental health.No
one was born with habits.They were all learned,and can all,therefore,be unlearned.The question is:how
badly do you really want to change?
36.There is general consensus among experts that willpower alone cannot guarantee one's success in changing
and maintaining a habit.
37.One need not abandon their goals completely just because they missed their target temporarily;they can start
anew.
38.Research shows it is quite another challenge to maintain a behavioral change after you have initiated it.
39.It is wrong to assume the strategies we use to start a change of behavior will work equally well in helping
maintain it.
40.Sometimes,it may not be successful to simply substitute one activity with anotherto effect a change of habit;
you may need extra reinforcement
41.One should introduce something new to replace an old habit instead of simply kicking it
42.Perfectionists focus too much on their big target and neglect celebrating the small gains they make in the
process.
编者注：“长阅读”题型Directions规定：Youmaychoosea paragraphmorethanonce,即同一个段落可能不止针对一
道题，故会出现本套题第39题和第45题同选K段的情况，请读者知悉。
15
·2024年6月六级真题(第二套) ·

----- PAGE 7 -----
43.It is ofgreat benefit to us in the long term to conquer the inertia that stops usfrom making behavioral changes.
44.The strategy that successfully changed one of your behaviors may not work for some other behavior of yours.
45.Without a happy mood,it seems that our wisdom to adopt a different behavior vanishes
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section.Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements.For each of them there are four choices marked A),B),C)and D).You should decide on the best
choice and markthe corresponding letter on AnswerSheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
The“American Dream”promises that in the Land of Opportunity,any individual can climb the economic
ladder and prosper through hard work and ambition alone.And yet,young Americans today are struggling to
earn more thantheir parents did at the same age,and upward mobility in the US actuallycompares unfavourably
tothat of other industrialised nations.
So why does the idea of the American Dream persist?A new study in the American Journal of Political
Science identifies one factor that has been overlooked:the influence of reality TV.
Realityshows have come to dominate US television over the past 20 years,notes Eunji Kimfrom Vanderbilt
University.And the overwhelming majority of these have a“rags-to-riches”storyline:they feature ordinary
Americans whowork hard to achieve great economic success.And while these programmes are regularly among
the most-watched shows,news broadcasts—which paint amore realistic view of the economic hardship faced by
millions of Americans—get a much smaller proportion of the viewership
Rags-to-riches stories are wbiquitous(无处不在的)on TV—but does watching these programmes actually
convince people that economic mobility is easily attainable?To find out,Kim's team had participants watch
a 5-minute clip from a reality show with a rags-to-riches storyline.Control participants watched a clip from a
reality show that didn't have a rags-to-riches story.After watching the shows,participants rated how much they
agreed with four statements relating to the American Dream
The results showed that those who'd watched a rags-to-riches clip did indeed have a significantly greater
belief in theAmerican Dream.Interestingly,when participants were separated by party affliation,this effect was
significant among Republicans but not Democrats,suggesting that the kind of messages implicit in these TV
shows may play into people's existing socioeconomic beliefs.
Kim also conducted a survey of 3,000 US residents.They also rated the extent to which they believed
success in life is related to various internal factors (such as ambition)and external factors (such as family
wealth).Finally,they read a list of TV programmes and indicated which they regularly watched.
Participants whowere heavy viewers of rags-to-riches programmes or frequent viewers had a stronger belief
in the American Dream than those who never watched such shows.
Kim concludes that “rags-to-riches entertainment media are an important cultural force that promotes and
perpetuates beliefs in upward mobility”.And here's the problem:if people mistakenly believe that hard work is
all that is needed for individuals to make a better life for themselves,they may be less supportive of policies that
could actually combat inequality.
“In this era of choice,entertainment media are what captures hearts and minds,”Kim writes.“Its political
consequences are anythingbut trivial”.
·2024年6月六级真题(第二套) ·
16

----- PAGE 8 -----
46.What do we learn from the passage about young Americans of today?
A)They have greater ambitions than their parents.
B)They find it difficult to achieve upward mobility.
C)They have overtaken their parents in terms of earnings
D)They envy the opportunities in other industrialised nations
47.What does Kim's team find about reality TV shows inAmerica?
A)They reinterpret the essence of the popular rags-to-riches culture.
B)They urge people to achieve economic success through hard work.
C)They help strengthen people's conviction in the American Dream.
D)They feature ordinary Americans striving for social recognition
48.What does the author say about news broadcasts in America?
A)They attract far fewer viewers than reality TV.
C)They stand in striking contrast with reality TV.
B)They are bent on reporting the dark side of life.
D)They focus on Americans'economic hardships.
49.What can we infer from the passage about Republicans in general?
A)They believe strongly in the American Dream.
B)They strive to climb the socio-economic ladder
C)They have a very strong affiliation with their party.
D)They tend to watch more rags-to-riches TV shows.
50.What is stated about people who believe in upward mobility?
A)They are likely to blame the government for their plight.
B)They regard political consequences as anything but trivial.
C)They respect individuals striving to climb the social ladder
D)They are less likely to approve of policies to fight inequality.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
When someone asks us 'what do you do?'we nearly always reply with our occupation.Work,for many of
us,is much more than a job.It is the defining aspect of our identity.For many of us it is through our job that we
can define ourselves.
“Without myjob I don't know who I am,”is a sentence that has been uttered on more than a handful of
occasions from my office chair.Indeed,it can be one of the most challenging aspects I work on with clients who
have lost or been forced into changing their jobs.This loss provokes an identity crisis much greater than the loss
of thejob itself.
One of the things I have come to understand,however,is that our identity is much more complex than we
recognise at first glance.If we take the time to reflect we might recognise that as well as our work we can also
identify as a friend,a spouse,a sonor daughter,a parent,a member of a sports team or religious community.We
may recognise that we feel and act differently in these roles and relationships than we do at work.The passive
daughter becomes an assertive leader at work.Furthermore,our identities at work are not static.They change
over time.I myself have been a shop assistant,a waitress,a student,a graduate,and a clinical psychologist.At
each stage my ability to adapt to and develop my career identity has been crucial to my wellbeing.Whilst we like
to eliminate uncertainty in our lives at some level we have to manage uncertainty,especially in today's volatile
and ever-shifting job market.
17
·2024年6月六级真题(第二套) ·

----- PAGE 9 -----
How we see ourselves is central to the issue ofour identity.When we tell ourselves “I'm good at starting
projects but not so great at seeing them through”it can become part ofour belief system.But if you have the
unfortunate experience of an enforced job change you will need to examine those beliefs to see how grounded in
reality they are.You will be required to ask yourself how helpful these beliefs are and consider personal change
We can change our beliefs,behaviours and emotional experience at any time through experimentation,practice
and conscious self-discipline.In an age where career progression may lead us into new sectors it is ever more
important to challenge our sense of self and explore whether you can create a new experience ofyour identity
by changing the beliefs you hold about yourself in orderto expand your career options.Ultimately it is you who
define who you are.You are only your job ifyou let it be so.
51.What do we learn from the passage about one's loss of a job?
A)It compels them to visit a clinical psychologist.
C)It renders them puzzled about who they are.
B)It offers them a chance to play different roles.
D)It forces them to redefine their life's goals.
52.What has the author come to understand about our identity?
A)It is crucial to our emotional wellbeing.
C)It reflects our changing status in society.
B)Itplays a big role in many facets of life
D)It is more complicated than it appears
53.What does thepassage say about our identities at work?
A)They are essential to our self-esteem
C)They overrule all other self-perceptions.
B)They evolve with the passage of time.
D)They are key to understanding ourselves.
54.What do we have to do in today's ever-changing job market?
A)Strive to develop our social identity.
C)Try to be assertive at all times.
B)Prepare for different career paths.
D)Learn to manage uncertainty.
55.What should we do to expand our career options?
A)Alter our perceptions of ourselves.
C)Look into newly emerging sectors
B)Compare various job opportunities.
D)Exercise self-discipline consciously.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part,you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English.You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
中国盛产竹子，是最早开发利用竹资源的国家。竹子在中国分布广泛，品种丰富。竹子实用性强，
用于生产和生活的许多方面，如筷子、桌椅的制作和桥梁、房屋的建造。中国人爱竹，自古以来就有无
数文人以竹为主题，创作了绚丽多彩的文学和绘画作品。竹子主干(stem) 笔直，象征正直的品格。竹
子具有强大的生命力和适应能力，无论环境多么恶劣，都能够顽强生存，因而寓意坚韧不拔的精神。几
千年来，竹子一直被视为中华民族品格的象征。
·2024年6月六级真题(第二套) ·
18
