
----- PAGE 1 -----
 
 
大学英语六级考试 
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST 
– Band Six – 
(2022.06-01) 
 
Part I                                             Writing                                                (30 minutes) 
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay that begins with the 
sentence “Nowadays more and more people take delight in offering help to the needy.” You can 
make comments, cite examples, or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You 
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words. 
Part II                                         Listening Comprehension                     (30 minutes) 
Section A 
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, 
you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. 
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) 
and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the 
centre. 
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard. 
1. A) He is a staff writer.  
 
 
 
 
C) He is an author of fiction. 
B) He is an adventurer.  
 
 
 
 
D) He is a father of four kids. 

----- PAGE 2 -----
 
 
2. A) They are interested in fairy tales.  
 
C) They are a headache to their parents. 
B) They are curious and autonomous. 
 
D) They are ignorant of politics. 
3. A) He offers them ample editorial guidance. 
C) He gives them encouragement. 
B) He recommends model essays to them.         D) He teaches them proofreading. 
4. A) Her tastes in books changed.  
 
 
C) Her reading opened her eyes to the world. 
B) She realized the power of reading. 
 
D) She began to perceive the world differently. 
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard. 
5. A) She is a website designer. 
 
 
 
C) She is a main street store owner. 
B) She is a university graduate.  
 
 
D) She is a successful entrepreneur.  
6. A) They were repeatedly rejected by shops. 
C) They showed her natural talent. 
B) They were popular with her classmates. 
D) They were mostly failures. 
7. A) She had a strong interest in doing it. 
 
C) She could not find clothes of her size. 
B) She did not like ready-made clothes. 
 
D) She found clothes in shops unaffordable. 
8. A) Study fashion design at college.  
 
C) Add designs for women. 
B) Improve her marketing strategy.  
 
D) Expand her business. 
Section B 
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear 
three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you 
hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). 
Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre. 

----- PAGE 3 -----
 
 
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.  
9. A) Utilizing artificial intelligence to find a powerful new antibiotic. 
B) Discovering bacteria which are resistant to all known antibiotics.  
C) Identifying bacterial strains that are most harmful to human health. 
D) Removing a deadly strain of bacteria in humans with a new antibiotic. 
10. A) Ever-increasing strains of bacteria.  
 
C) The similarity between known drugs. 
B) Bacteria’s resistance to antibiotics.   
 
D) The growing threat of bacteria to health. 
11. A) Dispense with experimental testing.  
 
C) Foresee human reaction to antibiotics. 
B) Predict whether compounds are toxic.               D) Combat bacteria’s resistance to antibiotics.  
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard. 
12. A) By theorization.  
 
 
 
 
 
C) By observation. 
B) By generalization.  
 
 
 
 
 
D) By conversation. 
13. A) They are easy to detect. 
 
 
 
 
C) They are groundless. 
B) They are well intended.  
 
 
 
 
D) They are harmless. 
14. A) Mostly by chance. 
 
 
 
 
 
C) Subject to their mental alertness. 
B) Basically objective. 
 
 
 
 
 
D) Dependent on their analytical ability. 
15. A) Looking the speaker in the eye.  
 
 
C) Measuring the speaker’s breathing rate. 
B) Listening carefully to the speaker. 
 
 
D) Focusing on the speaker’s facial expressions. 
Section C 
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or 
four questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must 

----- PAGE 4 -----
 
 
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the 
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre. 
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard. 
16. A) They don’t treat patients with due respect. 
B) They witness a lot of doctor-patient conflicts. 
C) They have to deal with social workers’ strikes. 
D) They don’t care how much patients have to pay. 
17. A) Appear submissive and grateful to doctors and nurses. 
B) Express a strong desire to be consulted or informed. 
C) Refrain from saying anything that sounds negative. 
D) Note down the names of all the doctors and nurses. 
18. A) Cooperative.  
B) Appreciative. 
 
C) Passive. 
 
D) Responsive. 
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard. 
19. A) Its members work together despite risks of failure. 
B) It prioritizes recruiting young energetic members. 
C) Its members stay in touch even after it breaks up. 
D) It grows more and more mature professionally. 
20. A) Their differences are likely to impact productivity. 
B) Their similarity is conducive to future collaboration. 
C) Their connections strengthen with the passage of time. 
D) Their mutual understanding stems from a common goal. 

----- PAGE 5 -----
 
 
21. A) It is characterized by diversity. 
B) Its goals are quite inconsistent. 
C) Its members have similar back grounds. 
D) It is connected by a unique mechanism. 
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard. 
22. A) Putting aside twenty percent of one’s earnings. 
B) Spending in anticipation of becoming wealthy. 
C) Living off a small proportion of one’s income. 
D) Saving as much as one can possibly manage. 
23. A) It empowers them to cope with irrational emotions. 
B) It will guarantee the profits from their investments.  
C) It will turn them into successful financial planners. 
D) It enables them to focus on long-term investments. 
24. A) They count on others to take the responsibility. 
B) They change their investment strategy in time. 
C) They think they themselves are to blame. 
D) They persist rather than get discouraged. 
25. A) They do not resist novel lifestyles. 
B) They do not try to keep up with others. 
C) They do not care what they have acquired. 
D) They do not pressure themselves to get rich. 

----- PAGE 6 -----
 
 
Part III                                   Reading Comprehension                            (40 minutes) 
Section A 
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word 
for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage 
through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. 
Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through 
the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once. 
Thinking kind thoughts about yourself and your loved ones can prove beneficial for your 
overall wellbeing, empirical evidence has shown. Researchers carried out an investigation to 
explore the    26    between having kind thoughts and a person’s psychological state. 
For the study, five groups of participants were presented with a different set of audio 
instructions, some of which encouraged the participants to think    27    about themselves and 
others which persuaded them to think in a self-critical manner. After listening to the audio 
instructions, the participants were asked to answer a series of questions. These included whether 
they felt safe, how likely they were to show kindness to themselves and how    28    they felt to 
other individuals. 
The participants who were instructed to think kindly about themselves were more likely to 
exhibit a bodily response associated with being relaxed and feeling safe. Their heart rates also 
dropped, which is a healthy sign of a heart that can respond flexibly to situations. Yet,    29    those 
who listened to the critical audio clips were noted as having a higher heartrate and sweat response 
afterwards, both of which    30    feelings of threat and distress. Having the ability to switch off the 
body’s natural threat response can    31    a person’s immune system. This, in turn, gives them a 

----- PAGE 7 -----
 
 
greater likelihood of recovering quickly from illness. 
These findings help us to further understand some of our clinical trials research findings, 
where we show that individuals with    32    depression benefit particularly from a self-awareness-
based    33    therapy. They essentially learn to become more sympathetic to themselves. 
The sense is that for people    33    to depression, meeting their negative thoughts and feelings 
with    35    is a radically different way – that these thoughts are not facts. 
It introduces a different way of being and knowing that is quite transformative for many 
people. 
 
A) adversely 
B) amiably 
C) boost 
D) cognitive 
E) compassion 
F) connected 
G) correlation 
H) fascinated 
I) indignantly 
J) insulation 
K) lavish 
L) prone 
M) recurrent 
N) signify 
O) surpass 
Section B 
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. 
Each statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from 
which the information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph 
is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer 
Sheet 2. 
Saving Our Planet 

----- PAGE 8 -----
 
 
A) In the long view, the human relationship with forests has been one of brutal destruction, but 
even it carries elements of slow hope. In the Middle Ages, there was no shortage of timber in 
most parts of the world, and few saw cutting down forests as a problem. Yet in 1548 the 
people of Venice estimated that an important timber supply would last only 30 years at their 
current rate of usage – but different forest management would make it possible to meet the 
demand for many centuries to come. The idea of preserving resources came out of a concern 
for the future: a fear of using up resources faster than they could be replenished (补充).  
B) Economic interests were at the core of this understanding of trees and forests. It would take 
more than three centuries before scientists began to understand that timber production is not 
the only, and possibly not the most important, function of forests. The late 19th and early 
20th century saw an increasing recognition that forests serve as habitats for countless animal 
and plant species that all rely on each other. They take over protective functions against soil 
erosion and landslides (塌方); they make a significant contribution to the water balance as 
they prevent surface runoff; they filter dirt particles, greenhouse gases and radioactive 
substances from the air; they produce oxygen; they provide spaces for recreation and they 
preserve historic and prehistoric remains. As a result, forests around the world have been set 
aside as parks or wilderness areas. 
C) Recent years have seen a big change in our view of forests. Peter Wohlleben’s book The 
Hidden Life of Trees (2015), an international bestseller, suggests that trees can warn each 
other of danger through a ‘wood wide web’ of roots and fungi (真菌). They support each 
other through sharing of nutrients and information, and they even keep ancient stumps alive 
by feeding them solutions of sugars. Such insights have made us aware of deep ecological 

----- PAGE 9 -----
 
 
relationships between humans and the more-than-human world. 
D) Awareness of ecologies is a recent phenomenon. It was not until the 1940s that the concept of 
the ‘environment’ encompassing all living and nonliving things developed. In the 1970s, the 
term ‘environment’ gained currency, becoming widely adopted in the English and Romance 
languages, and as ‘Umwelt’ (‘surrounding world’) in German. The emergence of the idea led 
to the rise of environmental agencies, regulations and environmental studies, and to 
environmental science as new, integrated academic disciplines. It was in 1956 that the very 
first bachelor of science in environmental studies was awarded, at the State University of 
New York College of Forestry at Syracuse. Since the 1970s – with the rise of 
‘environmentalism’ – environmental studies programmes have sprung up at hundreds of 
universities. There is (slow) hope in the fact that scholars from many different disciplines 
have adopted the term ‘environment’ over the past decades. They are exploring intricate 
connections within and between complex ecologies, as well as the impact that human 
environment-making (through techno-industrial, economic and other manipulative 
developments) has had on the biosphere. 
E) The rise of the idea of the environment and a scholarly understanding of ecological processes 
has influenced new technologies and also politics. We have come to ask questions about 
vulnerability and risk, world ecologies, and the relationship between nature and power. The 
search for an adequate response to climate change occupies centre stage in international 
diplomacy. 
F) 
Social and environmental activists, scientists and indigenous groups have called the Paris 
Agreement of the United Nations Climate Change Conference in December 2015 insufficient, 

----- PAGE 10 -----
 
 
weak, or compromised. To some extent, they are right: climate change has already destroyed 
tens of thousands of livelihoods, and the situation will worsen in the near future for millions 
of mostly poorer people who will join the ranks of those who have already been displaced by 
climate change and extreme weather events. But the Paris Conference nevertheless marked a 
historic step toward the recognition of the need for action on climate change, the cutting of 
carbon emissions and world cooperation. There were 195 nations that came to the table in 
Paris and agreed to limits on emissions. Historically, nothing comparable had happened prior 
to this. Before the 20th century, a handful of scientists had been interested in the theoretical 
relationship between greenhouse gases and climate change, but only the empirical evidence 
accumulated since the late 20th century established a clear connection between the burning of 
fossil fuels and a vastly accelerated rise in global temperatures. 
G) The current crisis is not the first that humans have encountered, and a look at the struggles 
with pollution in recent history reveals transformations that once seemed unimaginable. The 
‘London fog’ that came to define the capital through British novels and thrillers is in reality 
smog or smoke, a legacy of industrialisation. After a century of ignorance, London was hit by 
the Great Smog of December 1952 – the worst air-pollution event in the history of the United 
Kingdom which caused the deaths of approximately 12,000 people. Shortly thereafter, public 
initiatives and political campaigns led to strict regulations and new laws, including the Clean 
Air Act (1956). Today, London has effectively reduced traffic emissions through the 
introduction of a Congestion Charge Zone in 2003, and an Ultra Low Emission Zone in 2019.  
H) Scientific evidence that we are living in an era of climate change, resource exhaustion and 
potential ecological disaster is overwhelming. How do we motivate a public exhausted by 

----- PAGE 11 -----
 
 
never-ending scenarios of doom and disaster, when the challenges seem so huge and so 
impossible to solve? Statistics about extinction and the gloom of decline will not in 
themselves get us out of our often self-created ecological traps: instead, they are more likely 
to result in paralysis and inaction. 
I) 
We need stories and histories of change and transformation: ecological stories that make us 
confront the fact that human power is potentially destructive, and that the survival of our 
species on this planet depends on the preservation of soil and water, and the habitats and 
ecological systems. 
J) 
It is time that we show successes and accelerations in ecological awareness, action and 
restoration; stories that include past successes and future visions about the rise of urban 
gardening and of renaturalised riverscapes, of successful protests against polluted air and 
water, of the rise of regional markets and slow food, and the planting of trees around the 
globe, of initiatives and enterprises that work towards ecological restoration. The reality of 
ecological curses seems far greater than the power of the hopes left at the bottom of 
Pandora’s box. But if we believe that nothing can be changed, then we are giving up our 
opportunity to act. 
K) Today’s saving powers will not come from a deus ex machina (解围之神). In an ever-more 
complex and synthetic world, our saving powers won’t come from a single source, and 
certainly not from a too-big-to-fail approach or from those who have been drawn into the 
whirlpool of our age of speed. Hope can work as a wakeup call. It acknowledges setbacks. 
The concept of slow hope suggests that we can’t expect things to change overnight. If the 
ever-faster exhaustion of natural resources (in ecological terms) and the ‘shrinking of the 

----- PAGE 12 -----
 
 
present (in social terms) are urgent problems of humans, then cutting down on exhaustive 
practices and working towards a ‘stretching of the present’ will be ways to move forward. 
36. Climate change has wrought havoc on the lives of tens of thousands of people. 
37. It took scientists a long time to realise that the function of forests goes far beyond providing 
humans with timber. 
38. There is abundant evidence that we are now facing a possible ecological disaster. 
39. Environmental science became academic disciplines only some sixty years ago. 
40. Things cannot change overnight, but reducing the consumption of natural resources will help 
solve the ecological crisis. 
41. Human perception of forests has undergone a tremendous change in the past years. 
42. Recent history shows reduction of pollution once seemingly impossible, can actually be 
accomplished. 
43. People began to consider preserving natural resources when they feared they would have 
nothing to use in the future. 
44. If we doubt our ability to reverse ecological deterioration, we are throwing away the chance 
to take action. 
45. How to respond effectively to climate change has become the focus of international 
diplomacy. 
Section C 
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or 
unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You 
should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a 

----- PAGE 13 -----
 
 
single line through the centre. 
Passage One 
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage. 
Since American idol star Taryn Southern started composing music with AI in 2017, musicians 
all over the world have begun wondering about the implications of AI and modern technology 
where music production is concerned. Using AI in the creation of music is perceived by some as a 
helpful tool and by others as almost ‘the beginning of the end’. 
In Taryn’s case, AI software enabled her to communicate melodies and chords that she didn’t 
know how to put together herself. The end product was therefore a collaborative effort, rather than 
a piece entirely produced by technology. Taryn’s story has a distinctly positive feel that highlights 
the advantages of using AI in music production. It can serve as a source of inspiration, and as an 
ideal jumping off point should a musician be hit with writer’s block (文思枯竭). 
Conversely to seeing AI as a tool, some musicians consider it to be hugely detrimental to the 
music scene. At the moment, because such technology is still so young, the music it’s producing is 
not necessarily what we want to hear. In short, it’s not of great quality. Those who have produced 
their own music, or even fans of authentic, artistic music, will also argue that a computer could 
never emulate the work (and human touch) of a true musician. 
Music has been an integral part of the story of humans for ages; in fact, the first known piece 
of music is believed to be around 3,400 years old. Songs have long been used as a means of 
communicating messages and folk stories, covering everything from societal ethics to world 
history. Since many people see music as such an inherently human expression, it is often 
considered as too precious to impart onto technology. The thought of a computer generating a 

----- PAGE 14 -----
 
 
‘random’ piece of music that hasn’t been painstakingly created by an artist is almost seen as 
sacrilegious (亵渎神圣的). 
Regardless of which side of the argument you fall on, it seems likely that the use of AI in 
music production will only become more frequent. Our modern world is preoccupied with 
technological advancements. Instead of shying away from the idea of this bleak future, the best 
approach to take is one of optimism and curiosity. While there are always bound to be stubborn 
old-school musicians who refuse to use tech, music producers should consider AI as something to 
be embraced. AI music software is still very much in its infancy, but with more investors 
interested in the development and outcomes of such technology, and considering the rapid growth 
rate of other tech advances in recent years, it’s only a matter of time until AI-produced music is 
seen as the new norm. 
46. How do some musicians perceive using AI in creating music? 
A) It would help to produce more music idols. 
B) It would be detrimental to music production. 
C) It would hinder the understanding of authentic music. 
D) It would be the beginning of a new era in music creation. 
47. What does Taryn Southern’s story illustrate?  
A) AI technology is conducive to music composition. 
B) Musicians will be unable to create music without high tech. 
C) Musicians are often at their wits’ end in their creative effort. 
D) AI technology is indispensable to creating melodies and chords. 
48. Why are some musicians opposed to the use of AI in creating music? 

----- PAGE 15 -----
 
 
A) Music produced with AI technology lacks humanness. 
B) Music created with AI technology is easily emulated. 
C) It will depreciate humans’ role in music composition. 
D) It will deplete young musicians’ creative inspiration. 
49. Why do many people think music is too precious to impart to AI technology?  
A) It cannot be created without pains. 
B) It cannot be produced at random. 
C) It is part of human life. 
D) It is human specific. 
50. What does the author think of the future of AI music? 
A) It will continue to arouse the interest of music investors. 
B) It has the prospect of becoming the norm in the future. 
C) It will be gradually accepted by old-school musicians. 
D) It may eventually lose its freshness and appeal. 
Passage Two 
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage. 
A few weeks ago, a well-meaning professor tried to explain the physiological process behind 
viruses and the human body in a tweet and was immediately criticized for a mistake in his 
information. He then issued an apology and deleted his erroneous tweet. 
Communicating science beyond the academic bubble is necessary to augmenting public 
understanding of health and environmental issues and helping individuals make well-informed 
personal decisions.  

----- PAGE 16 -----
 
 
However, scientists who engage in science communication must acknowledge that even in 
their area, their expertise is deep but narrow. They need to recognize the constraints in their own 
knowledge. That is not to suggest that they only write or present on their own research, but rather, 
that they consult with an expert if the topic is outside of their discipline. Fact-checking with a 
scientist who works in the specialty will prevent the unintentional spread of misinformation, and 
the process of doing so may yield interesting new information that can be incorporated. 
Some have argued that the public is not educated enough to understand scientific information, 
especially for any complex phenomena, but this is absurd. Science instruction can be found at all 
levels of public education with most secondary schools offering classes or biology, physics, and 
chemistry. If anything, social media has shown that the public craves knowledge based on a solid 
scientific foundation. Even the public discourse that follows most scientific articles shows that 
online readers can understand even the most baffling of scientific principles. 
It is equally imperative to emphasize that being an expert on a topic doesn’t automatically 
make a scholar qualified to communicate it to a nonscientific audience. A number of scientists 
recently have been offering public-aimed explanations of scientific phenomena. Even though they 
have appropriate credentials, they often do very little in the way of explaining. One biologist 
shared a complicated analogy involving a library, books, paper, a recipe, ingredients, and a cake to 
explain the process behind vaccines. Any explanation that requires written key to keep track of 
what each item represents is not a clear example for public consumption. Science communication 
is a science in and of itself. It requires rigorous training and instruction. A scientist should take 
communication courses that can teach a person how to identify and eliminate jargon and how to 
develop effective analogies to explain complex concepts. One cannot assume communication 

----- PAGE 17 -----
 
 
expertise – imagine if someone just decided that they were a physicist and started trying to 
contribute to the field without the necessary background. Doing a poor job communicating science 
to the public will only create confusion and widen the gap between science and society, a gap that 
scientists are trying to close.  
51. What does the author say about communicating science to the general public? 
A) It will help them to keep abreast of the latest scientific developments. 
B) It is a necessary means to improve their understanding of scientific issues. 
C) It will get them more involved in academic debates on environmental problems. 
D) It is an effective way to augment scientists’ influence beyond the academic circle. 
52. What does the author advise scientists do to deal with topics outside of their specialty? 
A) Write or present on them from new angles. 
B) Utilize information from diverse sources. 
C) Turn to a specialist for professional help. 
D) Fact-check with colleagues in their field. 
53. What does the author say we can learn from social media? 
A) A solid academic foundation is essential to understanding baffling scientific principles. 
B) Modern technology has facilitated communication between scientists and the public. 
C) Scientific articles have gained increasing popularity among the general public. 
D) The public’s understanding of science is much better than some have claimed. 
54. What does the example of the biologist who shared an intricate analogy show? 
A) It is helpful to use illustrations in explaining scientific phenomena. 
B) It is imperative to have appropriate titles to explain scientific issues. 

----- PAGE 18 -----
 
 
C) A learned scholar is not necessarily a qualified science communicator. 
D) A nonscientific audience cannot duly understand principles of science. 
55. What does the author suggest scientists do to close the gap between science and society? 
A) Explain complex concepts scientifically 
 
C) Take courses in public speaking. 
B) Make appropriate use of scientific terms.  
D) Develop communication skills. 
Part IV                                         Translation                                            (30 minutes) 
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into 
English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2. 
赵州桥建于隋朝，公元605 年左右，长50.82 米，宽9.6 米，跨度37.37 米。天才建筑
师李春设计并监督了桥的建设。赵州桥结构新颖、造型优美。桥有一个大拱，在大拱的两
端各有两个小拱，帮助排泄洪水、减轻桥梁重量并节省石材。建成以来，该桥经受了多次
洪水和地震，但其主体结构仍然完好无损，至今仍在使用。赵州桥是世界桥梁建筑史上的
一次创举，是中国古代文明史上的一项杰出成就。类似设计的桥梁直到14 世纪才在欧洲出
现，比赵州桥晚了700 多年。 
大学英语六级考试 
COLLEGE ENGLISH TEST 
– Band Six – 
(2022.06-02) 
 
Part I                                             Writing                                                (30 minutes) 
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay that begins with the 
