
----- PAGE 1 -----
2016 年6 月英语六级真题及答案
Part I
Writing
（30 minutes）
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on the
use of robots. Try to imagine what will happen when more and more
robots take the place of human beings in industry as -well as people's
daily lives. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than
200 words.
Part II
Listening Comprehension
(30 minutes)
说明：2016 年6 月大学英语六级考试全国共考了两套听力。本套的听力内
容与第二套相同，因此本套听力部分不再重复给出。
Part ID
Reading Comprehension
(40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to
select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank
following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making
your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please
mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a
single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the
bank more than once.
Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.
Let’s say you love roller-skating. Just the thought of 26 on your roller-skates
brings a smile to your face. You also know that roller-skating is excellent exercise.
You have a
27
attitude toward it.
This description of roller-skating 28 the three components of an attitude: affect,
cognition, and behavior. You love the activity; ifs great fun. These feelings 29 the
affective or emotional component; they are an important ingredient in attitudes. The
knowledge we have about the object constitutes the cognitive component of an
attitude. You understand the health 30 that the activity can bring. Finally, attitudes
have a behavioral component. Our attitudes 31 us to go outside to enjoy
roller-skating.
Now, we don't want to leave you with the 32 that these three components always
work together 33 . They don't; sometimes they clash. For example, Let’s say you love
pizza (affective component); however, you have high cholesterol and understand
(knowledge component) that eating pizza may be bad for your health. Which behavior
will your attitude result in, eating pizza or 34 it? The answer depends on which
component happens to be stronger. If you are walking past a pizza restaurant at
lunchtime, your emotions and feelings probably will be stronger than your knowledge
that pizza may not be the best food for your health. In that instance, you have pizza

----- PAGE 2 -----
for lunch. If you are at home trying to decide where to go for dinner, however, the
knowledge component may 35 , and you decide to go where you can eat a healthier
meal.
A) Avoiding
B) Benefits
C) Highlight
D) Illustrates
E) Impression
F) Improves
G) Inquiring
H) Perfectly
I) Positive
J) Prevail
K) Primarily
L) Prompt
M) Specifications
N) Strapping
O) Typical
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements
attached to it. Each statement contains information given in one of the
paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is derived.
You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked
with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 2.
The Changing Generation
[A] It turns out today's teenagers aren't so scary after all. Results of USA
WEEKEND'S Teens & Parents survey reveal a generation of young people who get
along well with their parents and approve of the way they're being raised. They think
of their parents with affection and respect. They speak with Mom or Dad when they
have a problem. Most feel that their parents understand them, and they believe their
family is the No. 1 priority in their parents* lives. Many even think their parents are
cool! Although more than a third have an object in their rooms they would like to
keep secret from their parents, rarely is it anything more alarming than a diary or
off-color (低俗的)book or CD.
[B] Such results may seem surprising against the background of shocking
incidents that color the way the mass media portray the young. In October 2000, the
same month the survey was taken, the Washingtonbased Center for Media and Public
Affairs wrote in its publication Media Monitor that, in a recent month of TV news
coverage of American youth, just 2% of teens were shown at home, and just 1% were
portrayed in a work setting. In contrast, the criminal justice system accounted for
nearly one out of every five visual backgrounds. No wonder parents worry their own

----- PAGE 3 -----
kids might spin out of control once they hit the turbulent waters of adolescence.
[C] The overall facts ought to reassure us. The survey shows us that today's teens
are affectionate, sensible and far happier than the angry and tortured souls that have
been painted for us by stereotypes. From other sources, we also know teenage crime,
drug abuse and premarital sex are in general decline. We, of course, need to pay
attention to youngsters who are filled with discontent and hostility, but we should not
allow these extreme cases to distort our view of most young people.
[D] My own research at the Stanford Center on Adolescence uses in-depth
interviews with small samples of youngsters rather than large-scale surveys. Still, in
my studies and others 1 have read, I find the same patterns as in USA WEEKEND’S
survey. Today's teenagers admire their parents and welcome parental guidance about
important matters such as career choice — though certainly not Mom and Dad's
advice on matters of personal taste, such as music or fashion. When we ask teens to
choose a hero, they usually select an older family member rather than a remote public
figure. Most teens say they enjoy the company of both parents and friends.
[E] Contrary to some stereotypes, most adolescents believe they must be tolerant
of differences among individuals （though they do not always find this easy in the
cliquish （拉帮结派的）environment of high school）. Many of them volunteer for
community service with disadvantaged people. One prevalent quality we have found
in teens' statements about themselves, their friends and their families is a strikingly
positive emotional tone. By and large, these are very nice kids, and as the band The
Who used to sing, "The kids are alright."
[F] How much is today's spirit of harmony a change from our more turbulent
past? A mere generation ago, parent-child relations were described as "the generation
gap". Yet even then reports of widespread youth rebellion were overdone: Most kids
in the 560s and 70s shared their parents* basic values. Still, it is true that American
families are growing closer at the dawn of this new millennium （千禧年）.Perhaps
there is less to fight about, with the country in a period of tranquility and the dangers
of drug abuse and other unwholesome behavior well known. Perhaps in the face of
impersonal and intimidating globalization, a young person's family feels more like a
friendly haven than an oppressive trap. And perhaps parents are acting more like
parents than in the recent past. Within just the past five years, I have noticed parents
returning to a belief that teenagers need the guidance of elders rather than the liberal,
"anything goes" mode of child-rearing that became popular in the second half of the
20th century.
[G] But missing from all these data is the sense that today's young care very
much about their country, about the broader civic and political environment, or about
the future of their society. They seem to be turning inward — generally in a pro-social
manner, certainly with positive benefits for intimate relationships, but too often at the
expense of a connection with the present and future world beyond, including the
society they will one day inherit.
[H] Recently, we examined more than 400 essays on the Laws of that teens from
two communities had written as part of an educational program initiated by the John
Templeton Foundation in Radnor, Pa. In those essays, and in fol low-up interviews

----- PAGE 4 -----
with a few of the teenagers, we found lots of insight, positive feeling and inspirational
thinking. But we also found little interest in civic life beyond the tight circles of their
family and immediate friends.
[I] For example, only one boy said he would like to be president when he grows
up. When I was in high school, dozens in my class alone would have answered
differently. In fact, other recent studies have found there has never been a time in
American history when so small a proportion of young people have sought or
accepted leadership roles in local civic organizations. It is also troubling that voting
rates among our youngest eligible voters—18- to 24-year-olds—are way down: Little
more than one in four now go to the polls, even in national elections, compared with
almost twice that many when 18-year- olds were first given the vote.
[J] In our interviews, many students viewed politics with suspicion and distaste.
"Most politicians are kind of crooked (不诚实的)，” one student declared. Another,
discussing national politics, said, "I feel like one person can't do that much, and I get
the impression most people don't think a group of people can do that much." Asked
what they would like to change in the world, the students mentioned only personal
concerns such as slowing down the pace of life, gaining good friends, becoming more
spiritual, becoming either more materially successful or less materially oriented
(depending on the student's values), and being more respectful of the Earth, animals
and other people. One boy said, "I'd rather be concentrating on artistic efforts than
saving the world or something.”
[K] It is fine and healthy for teens to cultivate their personal interests, and it is
good news when young people enjoy harmonious relations with their family and
friends. But there is also a place in a young life for noble purposes that include a
dedication to the broader society, a love of country and an aspiration to make their
own leadership contributions.
[L] In the past, the young have eagerly participated in national service and civic
affairs, often with lots of energy and idealism. If this is not happening today, we
should ask why. Our society needs the full participation of its younger citizens if it is
to continue to thrive. We know the promise is there — this is a well-grounded,
talented, warm-hearted group of youngsters. We have everything to gain by
encouraging them to explore the world beyond their immediate experience and to
prepare themselves for their turn at shaping that world.
36. Not many young people eligible for voting are interested in local or national
elections these days.
37. Parents are concerned that their children may get involved in criminal
offences once they reach their teens.
38. Even during the turbulent years of last century, youth rebellion was often
exaggerated in the media.
39. Teenagers of today often turn to their parents for advice on such important
matters as career choice.
40. The incidence of teenage crime and misbehavior is decreasing nowadays.
41. Young people should have lofty ideals in life and strive to be leaders.
42. Some young people like to keep something to themselves and don't want

----- PAGE 5 -----
their parents to know about it.
43. It is beneficial to encourage young people to explore the broader world and
get ready to make it a better place.
44. Many teenagers now offer to render service to the needy.
45. Interviews with students find many of them are only concerned about
personal matters.
Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some
questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four
choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice
and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line
through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Manufacturers of products that claim to be environmentally friendly will face
tighter rules on how they are advertised to consumers under changes proposed by the
Federal Trade Commission.
The commission's revised "Green Guides" warn marketers against using labels
that make broad claims, like "eco-friendly". Marketers must qualify their claims on
the product packaging and limit them to a specific benefit, such as how much of the
product is recycled.
"This is really about trying to cut through the confusion that consumers have
when they are buying a product and that businesses have when they are selling a
product,” said Jon Leibowitz, chairman of the commission.
The revisions come at a time when green marketing is on the rise. According to a
new study, the number of advertisements with green messages in mainstream
magazines has risen since 1987, and peaked in 2008 at 10.4%. In 2009, the number
dropped to 9%.
But while the number of advertisements may have dipped, there has been a rapid
spread of eco-labeling. There are both good and bad players in the eco-labeling game.
In the last five years or so, there has been an explosion of green claims and
environmental claims. It is clear that consumers don't always know what they are
getting.
A handful of lawsuits have been filed in recent years against companies accused
of using misleading environmental labels. In 2008 and 2009, class-action lawsuits (集
体诉讼)were filed against SC Johnson for using "Greenlist" labels on its cleaning
products. The lawsuits said that the label was misleading because it gave the
impression that the products had been certified by a third party when the certification
was the company's own.
"We are very proud of our accomplishments under the Greenlist system and we
believe that we will prevail in these cases," Christopher Beard, director of public
affairs for SC Johnson, said, while acknowledging that “this has been an area that is

----- PAGE 6 -----
difficult to navigate”.
Companies have also taken it upon themselves to contest each other's green
claims.
David Mallen, associate director of the Council of Better Business Bureau, said
in the last two years the organization had seen an increase in the number of claims
companies were bringing against each other for false or misleading environmental
product claims.
"About once a week, I have a client that will bring up a new certification I've
never even heard of and I'm in this industry," said Kevin Wilhelm, chief executive
officer of Sustainable Business Consulting. t4Ifs kind of a Wild West, anybody can
claim themselves to be green.,, Mr. Wilhelm said the excess of labels made it difficult
for businesses and consumers to know which labels they should pay attention to.
46. What do the revised “Green Guides” require businesses to do?
A) Manufacture as many green products as possible.
B) Indicate whether their products are recyclable.
C) Specify in what way their products are green.
D) Attach green labels to all of their products.
47. What does the author say about consumers facing an explosion of green
claims?
A) They can easily see through the businesses5 tricks.
B) They have to spend lots of time choosing products.
C) They have doubt about current green certification.
D) They are not clear which products are truly green.
48. What was SC Johnson accused of in the class-action lawsuits?
A) It gave consumers the impression that all its products were truly green.
B) It gave a third party the authority to label its products as environmentally
friendly.
C) It misled consumers to believe that its products had been certified by a third
party.
D) It sold cleaning products that were not included in the official "Greenlist".
49. How did Christopher Beard defend his company's labeling practice?
A) There were no clear guidelines concerning green labeling.
B) His company's products had been well received by the public.
C) It was in conformity to the prevailing practice in the market.
D) No law required the involvement of a third party in certification.
50. What does Kevin Wilhelm imply by saying "It's kind of a Wild West" (Lines
2-3, Para. 11)?
A) Businesses compete to produce green products.-
B) Each business acts its own way in green labeling.
C) Consumers grow wild with products labeled green.
D) Anything produced in the West can be labeled green.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.

----- PAGE 7 -----
America's education system has become less a ladder of opportunity than a
structure to transmit inequality from one generation to the next.
That’s why school reform is so critical. This is an issue of equality, opportunity
and national conscience. lt5s not just about education, but about poverty and justice.
It’s true that the main reason inner-city schools do poorly isn't teachers' unions,
but poverty. Southern states without strong teachers’ unions have schools at least as
awful as those in union states. Some Chicago teachers seem to think that they
shouldn't be held accountable until poverty is solved. There5re steps we can take that
would make some difference, and Mayor Rahm Emanuel is trying some of them—yet
the union is resisting.
I'd be sympathetic if the union focused solely on higher compensation. Teachers
need to be much better paid to attract the best college graduates to the nation's worst
schools. But, instead, the Chicago union seems to be using its political capital
primarily to protect weak performers.
There's solid evidence that there are huge differences in the effectiveness of
teachers. The gold standard study by Harvard and Columbia University scholars
found that even in high-poverty schools, teachers consistently had a huge positive or
negative impact.
Get a bottom 1% teacher, and the effect is the same as if a child misses 40% of
the school year. Get a teacher from the top 20%, and it's as if a child has gone to
school for an extra month or two.
The study found that strong teachers in the fourth through eighth grades raised
the skills of their students in ways that would last for decades. Just having a strong
teacher for one elementary year left pupils a bit less likely to become mothers as
teenagers, a bit more likely to go to college and earning more money at age 28.
How does one figure out who is a weak teacher? Yes, that's a challenge. But
researchers are improving systems to measure a teacher's performance throughout the
year, and, with three years of data, ifs usually possible to tell which teachers are
failing.
Unfortunately, the union in Chicago is insisting that teachers who are laid
off-often for being ineffective—should get priority in new hiring. That’s an insult to
students.
Teaching is so important that it should be like other professions, with high pay
and good working conditions but few job protections for bottom performers.
This isn't a battle between garment workers and greedy bosses. The central
figures in the Chicago schools strike are neither strikers nor managers but 350,00O
children. Protecting the union demand sacrifices those students, in effect turning a
blind eye to the injustice in the education system.
51. What do we learn about America's education system?
A) It provides a ladder of opportunity for the wealthy.
B) It contributes little to the elimination of inequality.
C) It has remained basically unchanged for generations.
D) It has brought up generations of responsible citizens.

----- PAGE 8 -----
52. What is chiefly responsible for the undesirable performance of inner-city
schools?
A) Unqualified teachers.
B) Unfavorable learning environment.
C) Lack of financial resources.
D) Subconscious racial discrimination.
53. What does the author think the union should do to win popular support?
A) Assist the city government in reforming schools.
B) Give constructive advice to inner-city schools.
C) Demand higher pay for teachers.
D) Help teachers improve teaching.
54. What is the finding of the gold standard study by Harvard and Columbia
University scholars?
A) Many inner-city school teachers are not equal to their jobs.
B) A large proportion of inner-city children often miss classes.
C) Many students are dissatisfied with their teachers.
D) Student performance has a lot to do with teachers.
55. Why does the author say the Chicago union's demand is an insult to
students?
A) It protects incompetent teachers at the expense of students.
B) It underestimates students5 ability to tell good teachers from poor ones.
C) It makes students feel that they are discriminated against in many ways.
D) It totally ignores students' initiative in the learning process.
Part IV
Translation
(30 minutes)
Directions: For this part you are alibied 30 minutes to translate a passage from
Chinese into English. You should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
旗袍(qipao ) 是一种雅致的中国服饰，源于中国的满族
( Manchu
Nationality ) 。在清代，旗袍是王室女性穿着的宽松长袍。上世纪20 年代，受西
方服饰影响，旗袍发生了一些变化。袖口(cuffs)变窄，袍身变短。这些变化使女
性美得以充分展现。
如今，旗袍经常出现在世界级的时装秀上。中国女性出席重要社交聚会时，
旗袍往往是她们的首选。很多中国新娘也会选择旗袍作为结婚礼服。一些有影响
的入士甚至建议将旗袍作为中国女性的民族服饰。

----- PAGE 9 -----
【参考答案】
【参考范文】
As the technology is rapidly developing, a growing number of robots are
replacing human beings in today's society, which can bring both benefits and harms.
The robots can take human's place and do heavy manual labours and mechanical
tasks, which enable people to put the manpower into other areas, such as scientific
research and cultural development. In this way, the advancement of the whole world
will be promoted, and people can lead better lives. For example, people don't have to
work in the construction site or factories anymore; instead, they can take up other jobs
that are not dangerous or strenuous.
However, we cannot rule out the possibility that the increasing use of robots can
bring some problems. If the robots replace people to do most of their work in daily
life, people are likely to become lazier than before. Consequently, their skills will
rapidly disappear and their health conditions will decline as well. These can lead to
turbulence of the society.
In conclusion, if people use robots frequently and widespreadly in the future,
there will be both advantages and disadvantages. As a result, people should use
cutting-edge technology wisely and avoid being negatively affected.
【26-30】NIDCB
【31-35】LEHAJ
【36-40】IBFDC
【41-45】KALEH
【46-50】CDCAB
【51-55】BCCDA
【翻译参考译文】
Qipao is a kind of elegant Chinese costume which originated from Manchu
Nationality in China. In Qing Dynasty, Qipao was a kind of loose gown worn by royal
women. In the 1920's, Qipao went through some changes under the influence of
western costume. The cuffs became narrower and the gown got shorter, which enabled
Qipao to fully show women's beauty.
Nowadays, Qipao often appears on world-class fashion shows, and it is the initial
choice for Chinese women when they attend important social gatherings. In addition,
many Chinese brides would select Qipao as their wedding dresses. Some influential
figures even propose to make Qipao the national costume for Chinese women.
