
----- PAGE 1 -----
2005-2025英语一新题型真题
2005年英语一新题型真题……………………………………………………………… 1
2006年英语一新题型真题………………………………………………………………… 3
2007 年英语一新题型真题………………………………………………………………5
2008年英语一新题型真题…………………………………………………………… 7
2009 年英语一新题型真题……………………………………………………………… 9
2010 年英语一新题型真题………………………………………………………………
11
2011 年英语一新题型真题……………………………………………………………… 13
2012年英语一新题型真题… … ……… ……… … ……… … ……… … ……… … …… 15
2013 年英语一新题型真题……………………………………………………………… 17
2014年英语一新题型真题… ……… … ……… … ……… … ……… ………… ……… 19
2015年英语一新题型真题……………………………………………………………… 21
2016年英语一新题型真题……………………………………………………………… 23
2017 年英语一新题型真题……………………………………………………………… 25
2018年英语一新题型真题……………………………………………………………… 27
2019年英语一新题型真题………………………………………………………………… 29
2020年英语一新题型真题……………………………………………………………… 31
2021 年英语一新题型真题……………………………………………………………… 33
2022年英语一新题型真题……………………………………………………………… 35
2023年英语一新题型真题……………………………………………………………… 37
2024年英语一新题型真题………………………………………………………………… 39
2025年英语一新题型真题……………………………………………………………… 41
2005-2025英语一新题型真题答案… ……… … … ………… … … ………… … ……… 43
温馨提示：本资料精心排版，若打印，请将本目录和内容页一并双面打印，这样可实
现左页原文，右页选项，方便刷题。若在平板上使用，可单独第一页，双面显示。衷心
祝您学业顺利、生活愉快～

----- PAGE 2 -----
2005年考研英语一新题型真题
Canada's premiers (the leaders of provincial governments), if they have any 
breath left after complaining about Ottawa at their late July annual meeting, might 
spare a moment to do something, together, to reduce health-care costs. 
They're all groaning about soaring health budgets, the fastest-growing 
component of which are pharmaceutical costs. 
(41) 
What to do? Both the Romanow commission and the Kirby committee on health 
care -to say nothing of reports from other experts -recommended the creation of a 
national drug agency. Instead of each province having its own list of approved drugs, 
bureaucracy, procedures and limited bargaining power, all would pool resources, 
work with Ottawa, and create a national institution. 
(42) 
But "national" doesn't have to mean that. "National" could mean 
interprovincial-provinces combining efforts to create one body. 
Either way, one benefit of a "national" organization would be to negotiate better 
prices, if possible, with drug manufacturers. Instead of having one province -or a 
series of hospitals within a province - negotiate a price for a given drug on the 
provincial list, the national agency would negotiate on behalf of all provinces. 
Rather than, say, Quebec, negotiating on behalf of seven million people, the 
national agency would negotiate on behalf of 31 million people. Basic economics 
suggests the greater the potential consumers, the higher the likelihood of a better price. 
(43) 
A small step has been taken in the direction of a national agency with the creation 
of the Canadian Co-ordinating Office for Health Technology Assessment, funded by 
Ottawa and the provinces. Under it, a Common Drug Review recommends to 
provincial lists which new drugs should be included. Predictably, and regrettably, 
Quebec refused to join. 
A few premiers are suspicious of any federal-provincial deal-making. They 
(particularly Quebec and Alberta) just want Ottawa to fork over additional billions 
with few, if any, strings attached. That's one reason why the idea of a national list 
hasn't gone anywhere, while drug costs keep rising fast. 
(44) 
Premiers love to quote Mr. Romanow's report selectively, especially the parts 
about more federal money. Perhaps they should read what he had to say about drugs: 
"A national drug agency would provide governments more influence on 
pharmaceutical companies in order to try to constrain the ever-increasing cost of 
drugs." 
(45) 
So when the premiers gather in Niagara Falls to assemble their usual complaint 
list, they should also get cracking about something in their jurisdiction that would 
help their budgets and patients. 
，乌
一
宜
英语一新题型专项 第1页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 3 -----
[A] Quebec's resistance to a national agency is provincialist ideology. One of the first
advocates for a national list was a researcher at Laval University. Quebec's Drug
Insurance Fund has seen its costs skyrocket with annual increases from 14.3 per cent
to 26.8 per cent!
[B]Or they could read Mr. Kirby's report: "The substantial buying power of such 
an agency would strengthen the public prescription-drug insurance plans to negotiate 
the lowest possible purchase prices from drug companies." 
[C] What does "national" mean? Roy Romanow and Senator Michael Kirby
recommended a federal-provincial body much like the recently created National
Health Council.
[D]The problem is simple and stark: health-care costs have been, are, and will continue 
to increase faster than government revenues. 
间
According to the Canadian Institute for Health Information, prescription drug costs 
have risen since 1997 at twice the rate of overall health-care spending. Part of the 
increase comes from drugs being used to replace other kinds of treatments. Part of it 
arises from new drugs costing more than older kinds. Part of it is higher prices. 
旧
So, if the provinces want to run the health-care show, they should prove they can run 
it, starting with an interprovincial health list that would end duplication, save 
administrative costs, prevent one province from being played off against another, 
and bargain for better drug prices. 
回Ofcourse, the pharmaceutical companies will scream. They like divided buyers; they 
can lobby better that way. They can use the threat of removing jobs from one 
province to another. They can hope that, if one province includes a drug on its list, 
the pressure will cause others to include it on theirs. They wouldn't like a national 
agency, but self-interest would lead them to deal with it. 
南
英语一新题型专项 第2页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 4 -----
2006年考研英语一新题型真题
On the north bank of the Ohio river sits Evansville, Ind., home of David 
Williams, 52, and of a riverboat casino (a place where gambling games are played). 
During several years of gambling in that casino, Williams, a state auditor earning 
$35,000 a year, lost approximately $175,000. He had never gambled before the casino 
sent him a coupon for $20 worth of gambling. 
He visited the casino, lost the $20 and left. On his second visit he lost $800. The 
casino issued to him, as a good customer, a "Fun Card," which when used in the 
casino earns points for meals and drinks, and enables the casino to track the user's 
gambling activities. For Williams, those activities became what he calls "electronic 
heroin." 
(41) 
In 1997 he lost $21,000 to one slot 
machine in two days. In March 1997 he lost $72,186. He sometimes played two slot 
machines at a time, all night, until the boat docked at 5 a.m., then went back aboard 
when the casino opened at 9 a.m. Now he is suing the casino, charging that it should 
have refused his patronage because it knew he was addicted. It did know he had a 
problem. 
In March 1998, a friend of Williams's got him involuntarily confined to a 
treatment center for addictions, and wrote to inform the casino of Williams's 
gambling problem. The casino included a photo of Williams among those of banned 
gamblers, and wrote to him a "cease admissions" letter. Noting the 
"medical/psychological" nature of problem gambling behavior, the letter said that 
before being readmitted to the casino he would have to present medical/psychological 
information demonstrating that patronizing the casino would pose no threat to his 
safety or well-being. 
(42) 
The Wall Street Journal reports that the casino has 24 signs waming:"Enjoy the 
fun…and always bet with your head, not over it." Every entrance ticket lists a toll-free 
number for counseling from the Indiana Department of Mental Health. Nevertheless, 
Williams's suit charges that the casino, knowing he was "helplessly addicted to 
gambling," intentionally worked to "lure" him to "engage in conduct against his 
will." Well. 
(43) 
The fourth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders 
says "pathological gambling" involves persistent, recurring and uncontrollable pursuit 
less of money than of the thrill of taking risks in quest of a windfall. 
(44)_Pushed by science, or what claims to 
be science, society is reclassifying what once were considered character flaws or 
moral failings as personality disorders akin to physical disabilities. 
(45) 
南
室
英语一新题型专项 第3页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 5 -----
Forty-four states have lotteries, 29 have casinos, and most of these states are to 
varying degrees dependent on - you might say addicted to - revenues from wagering. 
And since the first Internet gambling site was created in 1995, competition for 
gamblers' dollars has become intense. The Oct. 28 issue of Newsweek reported that 2 
million gamblers patronize 1,800 virtual casinos every week. With $3.5 billion being 
lost on Internet wagers this year, gambling has passed pornography as the Web's most 
profitable business. 
[A] Although no such evidence was presented, the casino's marketing department
continued to pepper him with mailings. And he entered the casino and used his
Fun Card without being detected.
[B] It is unclear what luring was required, given his compulsive behavior. And in
what sense was his will operative?
[C] By the time he had lost $5,000 he said to himself that if he could get back to even, he
would quit. One night he won $5,500, but he did not quit.
[D] Gambling has been a common feature of American life forever, but for a long time it
was broadly considered a sin, or a social disease. Now it is a social policy: the most
important and aggressive promoter of gambling in America is the government.
[E] David Williams's suit should trouble this gambling nation. But don't bet on it.
[F]
It is worrisome that society is medicalizing more and more behavioral problems,
often defining as addictions what earlier, sterner generations explained as weakness
of will.
[G] The anonymous, lonely, undistracted nature of online gambling is especially
conducive to compulsive behavior. But even if the government knew how to move
against Internet gambling, what would be its grounds for doing so.
南
英语一新题型专项 第4页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 6 -----
2007年考研英语一新题型真题
A Set a Good Example for Your Kids 
B. Build Your Kids'WorkSkills
C. Place Time Limits on Leisure Activities
D. Talk about the Future on a Regular Basis
E. Help Kids Develop Coping Strategies
F. Help Your Kids Figure Out Who They Are
G. Build Your Kids' Sense ofResponsibility
How Can a Parent Help? 
Mothers and fathers can do a lot to ensure a safe landing in early adulthood for their 
kids. Even if a job's starting salary seems too small to satisfy an emerging adult's need for 
rapid content, the transition from school to work can be less of a setback if the start-up 
adult is ready for the move. Here are a few measures, drawn from my book Ready or Not, 
Here Life Comes, that parents can take to prevent what I call "work-life unreadiness": 
I 41
You can start this process when they are 11 or 12. Periodically review their emerging 
strengths and weaknesses with them and work together on any shortcomings, like 
difficulty in communicating well or collaborating. Also, identify the kinds of interests 
they keep coming back to, as these offer clues to the careers that will fit them best. 
I 42
Kids need a range of authentic role models - as opposed to members of their clique, 
pop stars and vaunted athletes. Have regular dinner-table discussions about people the 
family knows and how they got where they are. Discuss the joys and downsides of your 
own career and encourage your kids to form some ideas about their own future. When 
asked what they want to do, they should be discouraged from saying "I have no idea." 
They can change their minds 200 times, but having only a foggy view of the future is of 
little good. 
I 43
Teachers are responsible for teaching kids how to learn; parents should be 
responsible for teaching them how to work. Assign responsibilities around the house and 
make sure homework deadlines are met. Encourage teenagers to take a part-time job. Kids 
need plenty of practice delaying gratification and deploying effective organizational skills, 
such as managing time and setting priorities. 
淘
英语一新题型专项 第5页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 7 -----
I 44
Playing video games encourages immediate content. And hours of watching TV 
shows with canned laughter only teaches kids to process information in a passive way. 
At the same time, listening through earphones to the same monotonous beats for long 
stretches encourages kids to stay inside their bubble instead of pursuing other 
endeavors. All these activities can prevent the growth of important communication 
and thinking skills and make it difficult for kids to develop the kind of sustained 
concentration they will need for most jobs. 
I 45
They should know how to deal with setbacks, stresses and feelings of inadequacy. 
They should also learn how to solve problems and resolve conflicts, ways to 
brainstorm and think critically. Discussions at home can help kids practice doing 
these things and help them apply these skills to everyday life situations. 
What about the son or daughter who is grown but seems to be struggling and 
wandering aimlessly through early adulthood? Parents still have a major role to play, 
but now it is more delicate. They have to be careful not to come across as 
disappointed in their child. They should exhibit strong interest and respect for 
whatever currently interests their fledging adult (as naive or ill conceived as it may 
seem) while becoming a partner in exploring options for the future. Most of all, these 
new adults must feel that they are respected and supported by a family that 
appreciates them. 
南
英语一新题型专项 第6页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 8 -----
2008年考研英语一新题型真题
The time for sharpening pencils, arranging your desk, and doing almost anything 
else instead of writing has ended. The first draft will appear on the page only if you 
stop avoiding the inevitable and sit, stand up, or lie down to write. 
(41) 
Be flexible. Your outline should smoothly conduct you from one point to the next, 
but do not permit it to railroad you. If a relevant and important idea occurs to you 
now, work it into the draft. (42) 
Grammar, punctuation, 
and spelling can wait until you revise. Concentrate on what you are saying. Good 
writing most often occurs when you are in hot pursuit of an idea rather than in a 
nervous search for errors. 
(43) 
Your pages will be easier to keep track of that way, 
and, if you have to clip a paragraph to place it elsewhere, you will not lose any 
writing on the other side. 
If you are working on a word processor, you can take advantage of its capacity 
to make additions and deletions as well as move entire paragraphs by making just a 
few simple keyboard commands. Some software programs can also check spelling 
and certain grammatical elements in yourwriting. (44) 
These 
printouts are also easier to read than the screen when you work on revisions. 
Once you have a first draft on paper, you can delete material that is unrelated to 
your thesis and add material necessary to illustrate your points and make your paper 
convincing. The student who wrote "The A&P as a State of Mind" wisely dropped a 
paragraph that questioned whether Sammy displays chauvinistic attitudes toward 
women. (45) 
Remember that your initial draft is only that. You should go through the paper 
many times — and then again — working to substantiate and clarify your ideas. You 
may even end up with several entire versions of the paper. Rewrite. The sentences 
within each paragraph should be related to a single topic. Transitions should connect 
one paragraph to the next so that there are no abrupt or confusing shifts. Awkward or 
wordy phrasing or unclear sentences and paragraphs should be mercilessly poked and 
prodded into shape. 
南
英语一新题型专项 第7页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 9 -----
[A] To make revising easier, leave wide margins and extra space between lines so
that you can easily add words, sentences, and corrections. Write on only one
side of the paper.
[B] After you have clearly and adequately developed the body of your paper, pay
particular attention to the introductory and concluding paragraphs. It's probably
best to write the introduction last, after you know precisely what you are
introducing. Concluding paragraphs demand equal attention because they leave the
reader with a final impression.
[C] It's worth remembering, however, that though a clean copy fresh off a printer may
look terrific, it will read only as well as the thinking and writing that have gone into
it. Many writers prudently store their data on disks and print their pages each time
they finish a draft to avoid losing any material because of power failures or other
problems.
[D] It makes no difference how you write, just so you do. Now that you have developed
a topic into a tentative thesis, you can assemble your notes and begin to flesh out
whatever outline you have made.
[E] Although this is an interesting issue, it has nothing to do with the thesis, which
explains how the setting influences Sammy's decision to quit his job. Instead of
including that paragraph, she added one that described Lengel's crabbed response
to the girls so that she could lead up to the A & P "policy" he enforces.
[F] In the final paragraph about the significance of the setting in "A&P," the student
brings together the reasons Sammy quit his job by referring to his refusal to
accept Lengel's store policies.
[G] By using the first draft as a means of thinking about what you want to say, you
will very likely discover more than your notes originally suggested. Plenty of good
writers don't use outlines at all but discover ordering principles as they write. Do
not attempt to compose a perfectly correct draft the first time around.
英语一新题型专项 第8页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 10 -----
2009年考研英语一新题型真题
Coinciding with the groundbreaking theory of biological evolution proposed by 
British naturalist Charles Darwin in the 1860s, British social philosopher Herbert 
Spencer put forward his own theory of biological and cultural evolution. Spencer 
argued that all worldly phenomena, including human societies, changed over time, 
advancing toward perfection. (41) 
American social scientist Lewis Henry Morgan introduced another theory of 
cultural evolution in the late 1800s. Morgan helped found modem anthropology—the 
scientific study of human societies, customs and beliefs—thus becoming one of the 
earliest anthropologists. In his work, he attempted to show how all aspects of culture 
changed together in the evolution of societies. (42) 
In the early 1900s in North America, German-born American anthropologist 
Franz Boas developed a new theory of culture known as historical particularism. 
Historical particularism, which emphasized the uniqueness of all cultures, gave new 
direction to anthropology. (43) 
Boas felt that the culture of any society must be understood as the result of a 
unique history and not as one of many cultures belonging to a broader evolutionary 
stage or type of culture. (44) 
Historical particularism became a dominant approach to the study of culture in 
American anthropology, largely through the influence of many students of Boas. But 
a number of anthropologists in the early 1900s also rejected the particularist theory of 
culture in favor of diffusionism. Some attributed virtually every important cultural 
achievement to the inventions of a few, especially gifted peoples that, according to 
diffusionists, then spread to other cultures. (45) 
Also in the early 1900s, French sociologist Emile Durkheim developed a theory 
of culture that would greatly influence anthropology. Durkheim proposed that 
religious beliefs functioned to reinforce social solidarity. An interest in the 
relationship between the function of society and culture became a major theme in 
European, and especially British, anthropology. 
英语一新题型专项 第9页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 11 -----
[A] Other anthropologists believed that cultural innovations, such as inventions, had
a single origin and passed from society to society. This theory was known as
diffusionism.
[B] In order to study particular cultures as completely as possible, he became skilled
in linguistics, the study of languages, and in physical anthropology, the study of
human biology and anatomy.
[C] He argued that human evolution was characterized by a struggle he called the
"survival of the fittest," in which weaker races and societies must eventually
be replaced by stronger, more advanced races and societies.
[D] They also focused on important rituals that appeared to preserve a people's social
structure, such as initiation ceremonies that formally signify children's entrance
into adulthood.
[E] Thus, in his view, diverse aspects of culture, such as the structure of families,
forms of marriage, categories of kinship, ownership of property, forms of
government, technology, and systems of food production, all changed as
societies evolved.
[F] Supporters of the theory viewed culture as a collection of integrated parts that
work together to keep a society functioning.
[G] For example, British anthropologists Grafton Elliot Smith and W. J. Perry
incorrectly suggested, on the basis of inadequate information, that farming,
pottery making, and metallurgy all originated in ancient Egypt and diffused
throughout the world. In fact, all of these cultural developments occurred
separately at different times in many parts of the world.
南
英语一新题型专项 第10页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 12 -----
2010年考研英语一新题型真题
囚
The first and more important is the consumer's growing preference for eating out: 
the consumption of food and drink in places other than homes has risen from 
about 32 percent of total consumption in 1995 to 35 percent in 2000 and is 
expected to approach 38 percent by 2005. This development is boosting wholesale 
demand from the food service segment by 4 to 5 percent a year across Europe, 
compared with growth in retail demand of 1 to 2 percent. Meanwhile, as the 
recession is looming large, people are getting anxious. They tend to keep a tighter 
hold on their purse and consider eating at home a realistic alternative. 
I_B] Retail sales of food and drink in Europe's largest markets are at a standstill, 
leaving European grocery retailers hungry for opportunities to grow. Most 
leading retailers have already tried e-commerce, with limited success, and 
expansion abroad. But almost all have ignored the big, profitable opportunity in 
their own backyard: the wholesale food and drink trade, which appears to be just 
the kind of market retailers need. 
[CJ Will such variations bring about a change in the overall structure of the food and 
drink market? Definitely not. The functioning of the market is based on flexible 
trends dominated by potential buyers. In other words, it is up to the buyer, rather 
than the seller, to decide what to buy. At any rate, this change will ultimately be 
acclaimed by an ever-growing number of both domestic and international 
consumers, regardless of how long the current consumer pattern will take hold. 
[D］
All in all, this clearly seems to be a market in which big retailers could profitably 
apply their gigantic scale, existing infrastructure, and proven skills in the 
management of product ranges, logistics, and marketing intelligence. Retailers 
that master the intricacies of wholesaling in Europe may well expect to rake in 
substantial profits thereby. At least, that is how it looks as a whole. Closer 
inspection reveals important differences among the biggest national 
markets,especially in their customer segments and wholesale structures, as well as 
the competitive dynamics of individual food and drink categories. Big retailers must 
understand these differences before they can identify the segments of European 
wholesaling in which their particular abilities might unseat smaller but entrenched 
competitors. New skills and unfamiliar business models are needed too. 
南
英语一新题型专项 第11页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 13 -----
间
Despite variations in detail, wholesale markets in the countries that have been 
closely examined - France, Germany, Italy and Spain - are made out of the same 
building blocks. Demand comes mainly from two sources: independent 
mom-and-pop grocery stores which, unlike large retail chains, are too small to 
buy straight from producers, and food service operators that cater to consumers 
when they don't eat at home. Such food service operators range from snack 
machines to large institutional catering ventures, but most of these businesses are 
known in the trade as "horeca": hotels, restaurants, and cafes. Overall, Europe's 
wholesale market for food and drink is growing at the same sluggish pace as the 
retail market, but the figures, when added together, mask two opposingtrends. 
IF] For example, wholesale food and drink sales came to $ 268 billion in France, 
Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom in 2000—more than 40 percent 
of retail sales. Moreover, average overall margins are higher in wholesale than in 
retail; wholesale demand from the food service sector is growing quickly as more 
Europeans eat out more often; and changes in the competitive dynamics of this 
fragmented industry are at last making it feasible for wholesalers to consolidate. 
回
However, none of these requirements should deter large retailers (and even some 
large food producers and existing wholesalers) from trying their hand, for those 
that master the intricacies of wholesaling in Europe stand to reap considerable 
gams. 
匝二］一匝二］一匝二］一匣二］一亡互］一匝二］
南
英语一新题型专项 第12页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 14 -----
2011年考研英语一新题型真题
囚No disciplines have seized on professionalism with as much enthusiasm as the 
humanities. You can, Mr. Menand points out, become a lawyer in three years and 
a medical doctor in four. But the regular time it takes to get a doctoral degree in 
the humanities is nine years. Not surprisingly, up to half of all doctoral students 
in English drop out before getting their degrees. 
I_B] His concern is mainly with the humanities: literature, languages, philosophy and 
so on. These are disciplines that are going out of style: 22% of American college 
graduates now major in business compared with only 2% in history and 4% in 
English. 
However, 
many 
leading 
American 
universities 
want 
their 
undergraduates to have a grounding in the basic canon of ideas that every 
educated person should possess. But most find it difficult to agree on what a 
"general education" should look like. At Harvard, Mr. Menand notes, "the great 
books are read because they have been read" - they form a sort of social glue. 
[CJ Equally unsurprisingly, only about half end up with professorships for which 
they entered graduate school. There are simply too few posts. This is partly 
because universities continue to produce ever more PhDs. But fewer students 
want to study humanities subjects: English departments awarded 
more 
bachelor's degrees in 1970-71 than they did 20 years later. Fewer students 
require fewer teachers. So, at the end of a decade of thesis-writing, many 
humanities students leave the profession to do something for which they have 
not been trained. 
问One reason why it is hard to design and teach such courses is that they cut across 
the insistence by top American universities that liberal-arts education and 
professional education should be kept separate, taught in different schools. Many 
students experience both varieties. Although more than half of Harvard 
undergraduates end up in law, medicine or business, future doctors and lawyers 
must study a non-specialist liberal-arts degree before embarking on a 
professional qualification. 
[EJ Besides professionalising the professions by this separation, top American 
universities have professionalised the professor. The growth in public money for 
academic research has speeded the process: federal research grants rose fourfold 
between 1960 and 1990, but faculty teaching hours fell by half as research took 
its toll. Professionalism has turned the acquisition of a doctoral degree into a 
prerequisite for a successful academic career: as late as 1969 a third of American 
南
英语一新题型专项 第13页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 15 -----
professors did not possess one. But the key idea behind professionalisation, 
argues Mr. Menand, is that "the knowledge and skills needed for a particular 
specialisation are transmissible but not transferable." So disciplines acquire a 
monopoly not just over the production of knowledge, but also over the 
production of the producers of knowledge. 
IF] The key to reforming higher education, concludes Mr. Menand, is to alter the 
way in which "the producers of knowledge are produced". Otherwise, academics 
will continue to think dangerously alike, increasingly detached from the 
societies which they study, investigate and criticise. "Academic inquiry, at least 
in some fields, may need to become less exclusionary and more holistic." Yet 
quite how that happens, Mr. Menand does not say. 
[GJ The subtle and intelligent little book The Marketplace of Ideas: Reform and 
Resistance in the American University should be read by every student thinking 
of applying to take a doctoral degree. They may then decide to go elsewhere. For 
something curious has been happening in American universities, and Louis 
Menand, a professor of English at Harvard University, captured it skillfully. 
亡一巨亡］一巨互]-亡尸］一巨工丿一巨互勹一曰豆二］
南
室
英语一新题型专项 第14页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 16 -----
2012年考研英语一新题型真题
Think of those fleeting moments when you look out of an aeroplane window and 
realise that you are flying, higher than a bird. Now think of your laptop, thinner than a 
brown-paper envelope, or your cellphone in the palm of your hand. Take a moment or 
two to wonder at those marvels. You are the lucky inheritor of a dream come true. 
The second half of the 20th century saw a collection of geniuses, warriors, 
entrepreneurs and visionaries labour to create a fabulous machine that could function 
as a typewriter and printing press, studio and theatre, paintbrush and gallery, piano 
and radio, the mail as well as the mail carrier. (41) 
The networked computer is an amazing device, the first media machine that 
serves as the mode of production, means of distribution, site of reception, and place 
of praise and critique. The computer is the 21st century's culture machine. 
But for all the reasons there are to celebrate the computer, we must also act with 
caution. (42)_1 call it a secret war for two 
reasons. First, most people do not realise that there are strong commercial agendas at 
work to keep them in passive consumption mode. Second, the majority of people who 
use networked computers to upload are not even aware of the significance of what 
they are doing. 
All animals download, but only a few upload. Beavers build dams and birds 
make nests. Yet for the most part, the animal kingdom moves through the world 
downloading. Humans are unique in their capacity to not only make tools but then 
turn around and use them to create superfluous material goods - paintings, sculpture 
and architecture - and superfluous experiences -music, literature, religion and philosopy. 
(43) 
For all the possibilities of our new culture machines, most people are still stuck 
in download mode. Even after the advent of widespread social media, a pyramid of 
production remains, with a small number of people uploading material, a slightly 
larger group commenting on or modifying that content, and a huge percentage 
remaining content to just consume. (44) 
Television is a one-way tap flowing into our homes. The hardest task that 
television asks of anyone is to turn the power off after he has turned it on. (45) 
What counts as meaningful uploading? My definition revolves around the 
concept of "stickiness" - creations and experiences to which others adhere. 
南
英语一新题型专项 第15页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 17 -----
[A] Of course, it is precisely these superfluous things that define human culture and 
ultimately what it is to be human. Downloading and consuming culture requires 
great skills, but failing to move beyond downloading is to strip oneself of a 
defining constituent of humanity. 
[B]Applications like tumblr.com, which allow users to combine pictures, words and 
other media in creative ways and then share them, have the potential to add 
stickiness by amusing, entertaining and enlightening others. 
[C] Not only did they develop such a device but by the tum of the millennium
they had also managed to embed it in a worldwide system accessed by billions
of people every day.
[D]This is because the networked computer has sparked a secret war between 
downloading and uploading - between passive consumption and active 
creation - whose outcome will shape our collective future in ways we can 
only begin to imagine. 
[E]The challenge the computer mounts to television thus bears little similarity to 
one format being replaced by another in the manner of record players being 
replaced by CD players. 
[F]One reason for the persistence of this pyramid of production is that for the past 
half-century, much of the world's media culture has been defined by a single 
medium - television - and television is defined by downloading. 
[G] The networked computer offers the first chance in 50 years to reverse the
flow, to encourage thoughtful downloading and, even more importantly,
meaningful uploading.
南
英语一新题型专项 第16页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 18 -----
2013年考研英语一新题型真题
_
The social sciences are flourishing. As of 2005, there were almost half a million 
professional social scientists from all fields in the world, working both inside and 
outside academia. According to the World Social Science Report 2010, the number of 
social-science students worldwide has swollen by about 11 % every year since 2000. 
Yet this enormous resource is not contributing enough to today's global 
challenges, including climate change, security, sustainable development and health. 
(41) 
Humanity has the necessary agro-technolo-
gical tools to eradicate hunger, from genetically engineered crops to artificial 
fertilizers. Here, too, the problems are social: the organization and distribution of food, 
wealth and prosperity. 
(42) 
Thisi is a shame - the community 
should be grasping the opportunity to raise its influence in the real world. To 
paraphrase the great social scientist Joseph Schumpeter: there is no radical innovation 
without creative destruction. 
         Today, the social sciences are largely focused on disciplinary problems and 
internal scholarly debates, rather than on topics with external impact. Analyses 
reveal that the number of papers including the keywords "environmental change" or 
"climate change" have increased rapidly since 2004. (43) 
When social scientists do tackle practical issues, their scope is often local: Belgium is 
interested mainly in the effects of poverty on Belgium, for example. And whether 
the community's work contributes much to an overall accumulation of knowledge is 
doubtful. 
The problem is not necessarily the amount of available funding. (44) 
This is an adequate amount so long as it is aimed in the 
right direction. Social scientists who complain about a lack of funding should not 
expect more in today's economic climate. 
The trick is to direct these funds better. The European Union Framework funding 
programs have long had a category specifically targeted at social scientists. This year, 
it was proposed that the system be changed: Horizon 2020, a new program to be 
enacted in 2014, would not have such a category. This has resulted in protests from 
social scientists. But the intention is not to neglect social science; rather, the complete 
opposite. (45)_That 
should create more 
collaborative endeavors and help to develop projects aimed directly at solving global 
problems. 
南
英语一新题型专项 第17页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 19 -----
囚The idea is to force social scientists to integrate their work with other categories, 
including health and demographic change; food security; marine research and the 
bio-economy; clean, efficient energy; and inclusive, innovative and secure societies. 
[B]The solution is to change the mindset of the academic community, and what it 
considers to be its main goal. Global challenges and social innovation ought to 
receive much more attention from scientists, especially the young ones. 
向It could be that we are evolving two communities of social scientists: one that is 
discipline-oriented and publishing in highly specialized journals, and one that is 
problem-oriented and publishing elsewhere, such as policy briefs. 
[D]However, the numbers are still small: in 2010, about 1,600 of the 100,000 social­
sciences papers published globally included one of these keywords. 
间These issues all have root causes in human behavior: all require behavioral change 
and social innovations, as well as technological development. Stemming climate 
change, for example, is as much about changing consumption patterns and promoting 
tax acceptance as it is about developing clean energy. 
[_F]
Despite these factors, many social scientists seem reluctant to tackle such problems. 
And in Europe, some are up in arms over a proposal to drop a specific funding 
category for social-science research and to integrate it within cross-cutting topics of 
sustainable development. 
回
During the late 1990s, national spending on social sciences and the humanities as a 
percentage of all research and development funds - including government, higher 
education, non-profit and corporate - varied from around 4% to 25%; in most 
European nations, it is about 15%. 
南
英语一新题型专项 第18页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 20 -----
2014年考研英语一新题型真题
[A] Some archaeological sites have always been easily observable - for example, 
the Parthenon in Athens, Greece; the pyramids of Giza in Egypt; and the 
megaliths of Stonehenge in southern England. But these sites are exceptions 
to the norm. Most archaeological sites have been located by means of careful 
searching, while many others have been discovered by accident. Olduvai Gorge, 
an early hominid site in Tanzania, was found by a butterfly hunter who literally 
fell into its deep valley in 1911. Thousands of Aztec artifacts came to light 
during the digging of the Mexico City subway in the 1970s. 
[B]In another case, American archaeologists Rene Million and George Cowgill 
spent years systematically mapping the entire city of Teotihuacan in the Valley 
of Mexico near what is now Mexico City. At its peak around AD 600, this city 
was one of the largest human settlements in the world. The researchers mapped 
not only the city's vast and ornate ceremonial areas, but also hundreds of 
simpler apartment complexes where common people lived. 
[CJ How do archaeologists know where to find what they are looking for when there 
is nothing visible on the surface of the ground? Typically, they survey and 
sample (make test excavations on) large areas of terrain to determine where 
excavation will yield useful information. Surveys and test samples have also 
become important for understanding the larger landscapes that contain 
archaeological sites. 
回Surveys can cover a single large settlement or entire landscapes. In one case, 
many researchers working around the ancient Maya city of Cop知，Honduras,
have located hundreds of small rural villages and individual dwellings by 
using aerial photographs and by making surveys on foot. The resulting 
settlement maps show how the distribution and density of the rural population 
around the city changed dramatically between AD 500 and 850, when Cop知
collapsed. 
[E] To find their sites, archaeologists today rely heavily on systematic survey 
methods and a variety of high-technology tools and techniques. Airborne 
technologies, such as different types of radar and photographic equipment 
carried by airplanes or spacecraft, allow archaeologists to learn about what 
lies beneath the ground without digging. Aerial surveys locate general areas 
of interest or larger buried features, such as ancient buildings or fields. 
淘
英语一新题型专项 第19页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 21 -----
盯Most archaeological sites, however, are discovered by archaeologists who 
have set out to look for them. Such searches can take 
years. 
British 
archaeologist Howard Carter knew that the tomb of the Egyptian pharaoh 
Tutankhamun existed from information found in other sites. Carter 
sifted 
through rubble in the Valley of the Kings for seven years before he located 
the tomb in 1922. In the late 1800s British archaeologist Sir Arthur Evans 
combed antique dealers' stores in Athens, Greece. He was searching for tiny 
engraved seals attributed to the ancient Mycenaean culture that dominated 
Greece from the 1400s to 1200s BC. Evans's interpretations 
of 
these 
engravings eventually led him to find the Minoan palace at Knossos (Knos6s), 
on the island of Crete, in 1900. 
回Ground surveys allow archaeologists to pinpoint the places where digs will be 
successful. Most ground surveys involve a lot of walking, looking for surface 
clues such as small fragments of pottery. They often include a certain amount 
of digging to test for buried materials at selected points across a landscape. 
Archaeologists also may locate buried remains by using such technologies as 
ground radar, magnetic-field recording, and metal detectors. Archaeologists 
commonly use computers to map sites and the landscapes around sites. Two­
and three-dimensional maps are helpful tools in planning excavations, 
illustrating how sites look, and presenting the results of archaeological research. 
巨二］一亡囚二］一|
42. 
1一亡尸勹-|
43. 
|－田二］一匡
淘
室
英语一新题型专项 第20页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 22 -----
2015年考研英语一新题型真题
How does your reading proceed? Clearly you try to comprehend, in the sense 
of identifying meanings for individual words and working out relationships 
between them, drawing on your implicit knowledge of English grammar. (41) 
You begin to infer a context 
for the text, for instance by making decisions about what kind of speech event is 
involved: Who is making the utterance, to whom, when and where. 
The ways of reading indicated here are without doubt kinds of comprehension. 
But they show comprehension to consist not just of passive assimilation but of active 
engagement in inference and problem-solving. You infer information you feel the 
writer has invited you to grasp by presenting you with specific evidence and clues. 
(42) 
Conceived in this way, comprehension will not follow exactly the same track for 
each reader. What is in question is not the retrieval of an absolute, fixed or "true" 
meaning that can be read off and checked for accuracy, or some timeless relation of 
the text to the world. (43) 
Such background material inevitably reflects who we are. (44) 
This doesn't, however, make interpretation merely 
relative or even pointless. Precisely because readers from different historical periods, 
places and social experiences produce different but overlapping readings of the same 
words on the page - including for texts that engage with fundamental human 
concerns - debates about texts can play an important role in social discussion of 
beliefs and values. 
How we read a given text also depends to some extent on our particular interest 
in reading it. (45) 
Such dimensions 
of reading suggest - as others introduced later in the book will also do - that we bring 
an implicit (often unacknowledged) agenda to any act of reading. It doesn't then 
necessarily follow that one kind of reading is fuller, more advanced or more 
worthwhile than another. Ideally, different kinds of reading inform each other, and act 
as useful reference points for and counterbalances to one another. Together, they 
make up the reading component of your overall literacy, or relationship to your 
surrounding textual environment. 
南
英语一新题型专项 第21页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 23 -----
囚Are we studying that text and trying to respond in a way that fulfils the requirement 
of a given course? Reading it simply for pleasure? Skimming it for information? 
Ways of reading on a train or in bed are likely to differ considerably from reading in 
a semmar room. 
[B]Factors such as the place and period in which we are reading, our gender, ethnicity, 
age and social class will encourage us towards certain interpretations but at the 
same time obscure or even close off others. 
问If you are unfamiliar with words or idioms, you guess at their meaning, using clues 
presented in the context. On the assumption that they will become relevant later, you 
make a mental note of discourse entities as well as possible links between them. 
[D］In effect, you try to reconstruct the likely meanings or effects that any given sentence, 
image or reference might have had: These might be the ones the author intended. 
[E_] You make further inferences, for instance, about how the text may be significant to 
you, or about its validity - inferences that form the basis of a personal response for 
which the author will inevitably be far less responsible. 
[F]In plays, novels and narrative poems, characters speak as constructs created by the 
author, not necessarily as mouthpieces for the author's own thoughts. 
回Rather, we ascribe meanings to texts on the basis of interaction between what we 
might call textual and contextual material: between kinds of organization or 
patterning we perceive in a text's formal structures (so especially its language 
structures) and various kinds of background, social knowledge, belief and attitude 
that we bring to the text. 
南
英语一新题型专项 第22页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 24 -----
2016年考研英语一新题型真题
[A] Create a new image of yourself
[B] Have confidence in yourself
[C] Decide if the time is right
[D] Understand the context
[E] Work with professionals
[F] Know your goals
[G] Make it efficient
No matter how formal or informal the work environment, the way you present 
yourself has an impact. This is especially true in first impressions. According to 
research from Princeton University, people assess your competence, trustworthiness, 
and likeability in just a tenth of a second, solely based on the way you look. 
The difference between today's workplace and the "dress for success" era 1s 
that the range of options is so much broader. Norms have evolved and fragmented. 
In some settings, red sneakers or dress T-shirts can convey status; in others not so 
much. Plus, whatever image we present is magnified by social-media services like 
Linkedln. Chances are, your headshots are seen much more often now than a 
decade or two ago. Millennials, it seems, face the paradox of being the least 
formal generation yet the most conscious of style and personal branding. It can be 
confusing. 
So how do we navigate this? How do we know when to invest in an upgrade? And 
what's the best way to pull off one that enhances our goals? Here are some tips: 
[41. 
As an executive coach, I've seen image upgrades be particularly helpful during 
transitions - when looking for a new job, stepping into a new or more public role, 
or changing work environments. If you're in a period of change or just feeling stuck 
and in a rut, now may be a good time. If you're not sure, ask for honest feedback 
from trusted friends, colleagues and professionals. Look for cues about how others 
perceive you. Maybe there's no need for an upgrade and that's OK. 
南
室
英语一新题型专项 第23页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 25 -----
[ 42.
Get clear on what impact you're hoping to have. Are you looking to refresh
your image or pivot it? For one person, the goal may be to be taken more
seriously and enhance their professional image. For another, it may be to be
perceived as more approachable, or more 
modem 
and 
stylish. 
For 
someone
moving from finance to advertising, maybe they want to look more "SoHo." (It's
OK to use characterizations like that.)
[ 43.
Look at your work environment like an anthropologist. What are the norms of
your environment? What conveys status? Who are your most important audiences?
How do the people you respect and look up to present themselves? The better you
understand the cultural context, the more control you can have over your impact.
[ 44.
Enlist the support of professionals and share with them your goals and context.
Hire a personal stylist, or use the free styling service of a store like J.Crew. Try a
hair stylist instead of a barber. Work with a professional photographer instead of
your spouse or friend. It's not as expensive as you might think.
[ 45.
The point of a style upgrade isn't to become more vain or to spend more time
fussing over what to wear. Instead, use it as an opportunity to reduce decision
fatigue. Pick a standard work uniform or a few go-to options. Buy all your clothes
at once with a stylist instead of shopping alone, one article of clothing at a time.
南
英语一新题型专项 第24页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 26 -----
2017年考研英语一新题型真题
囚
The first published sketch, "A Dinner at Poplar Walk" brought tears to 
Dickens's eyes when he discovered it in the pages of The Monthly Magazine. 
From then on his sketches, which appeared under the pen name "Boz" in The 
Evening Chronicle, earned him a modest reputation. 
I_B] The runaway success of The Pickwick Papers, as it is generally known today, 
secured Dickens's fame. There were Pickwick coats and Pickwick cigars, and 
the plump, spectacled hero, Samuel Pickwick, became a national figure. 
[q Soon after Sketches by Boz appeared, a publishing firm approached Dickens to 
write a story in monthly installments, as a backdrop for a series of woodcuts 
by the then-famous artist Robert Seymour, who had originated the idea for the 
story. With characteristic confidence, Dickens successfully insisted that 
Seymour's pictures illustrate his own story instead. After the first installment, 
Dickens wrote to the artist and asked him to correct a drawing Dickens felt 
was not faithful enough to his prose. Seymour made the change, went into his 
backyard, and expressed his displeasure by committing suicide. Dickens and 
his publishers simply pressed on with a new artist. The comic novel, The 
Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, appeared serially in 1836 and 1837 
and was first published in book form in 1837. 
问
Charles Dickens is probably the best-known and, to many people, the greatest 
English novelist of the 19th century. A moralist, satirist, and social reformer, 
Dickens crafted complex plots and striking characters 
that capture 
the 
panorama of English society. 
[EJ
Soon after his father's release from prison, Dickens got a better job as errand 
boy in law offices. He taught himself shorthand to get an even better job later 
as a court stenographer and as a reporter in Parliament. At the same time, 
Dickens, who had a reporter's eye for transcribing the life around him, 
especially anything comic or odd, submitted short sketches to obscure magazines. 
[F]
Dickens was born in Portsmouth, on England's southern coast. His father was 
a clerk in the British Navy pay office — a respectable position, but with little 
social status. His paternal grandparents, a steward and a housekeeper, possessed 
even less status, having been servants, and Dickens later concealed their 
background. Dickens's mother supposedly came from a more respectable 
南
英语一新题型专项 第25页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 27 -----
family. Yet two years before Dickens's birth, his mother's father was caught 
stealing and fled to Europe, never to return. The family's increasing poverty 
forced Dickens out of school at age 12 to work in Warren's Blacking Warehouse, 
a shoe-polish factory, where the other working boys mocked him as "the young 
gentleman." His father was then imprisoned for debt. The humiliations of his 
father's imprisonment and his labor in the blacking factory formed Dickens's 
greatest wound and became his deepest secret. He could not confide them even 
to his wife, although they provide the unacknowledged foundation of his fiction. 
回After Pickwick, Dickens plunged into a bleaker world. In Oliver Twist, he traces 
an orphan's progress from the workhouse to the criminal slums of London. 
Nicholas Nickleby, his next novel, combines the darkness of Oliver Twist with 
the sunlight of Pickwick. The popularity of these novels consolidated Dickens' as 
a nationally and internationally celebrated man of letters. 
亡一仁亘二］一亡互二尸亡亘二］一亡亘二］一亡巨］一亡昼二］
淘
英语一新题型专项 第26页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 28 -----
2018年考研英语一新题型真题
囚In December of 1869, Congress appointed a commission to select a site and 
prepare plans and cost estimates for a new State Department Building. The 
commission was also to consider possible arrangements for the War and Navy 
Departments. To the horror of some who expected a Greek Revival twin of the 
Treasury Building to be erected on the other side of the White House, the 
elaborate French Second Empire style design by Alfred Mullett was selected, and 
construction of a building to house all three departments began in June ofl 871. 
[B]Completed in 1875, the State Department's south wing was the first to be 
occupied, with its elegant four-story library (completed in 1876), Diplomatic 
Reception Room, and Secretary's office decorated with carved wood, Oriental 
rugs, and stenciled wall patterns. The Navy Department moved into the east wing 
in 1879, where elaborate wall and ceiling stenciling and marquetry floors 
decorated the office of the Secretary. 
[CJ The State, War, and Navy Building, as it was originally known, housed the three 
Executive Branch Departments most intimately associated with formulating and 
conducting the nation's foreign policy in the last quarter of the nineteenth century 
and the first quarter of the twentieth century - the period when the United States 
emerged as an international power. The building has housed some of the nation's 
most significant diplomats and politicians and has been the scene of many 
historic events. 
回Many of the most celebrated national figures have participated in historical events 
that have taken place within the EEOB's granite walls. Theodore and Franklin D. 
Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, Dwight D. Eise咄ower, Lyndon B. Johnson, 
Gerald Ford, and George H. W. Bush all had offices in this building before 
becoming president. It has housed 16 Secretaries of the Navy, 21 Secretaries of War, 
and 24 Secretaries of State. Winston Churchill once walked its corridors and 
南
英语一新题型专项 第27页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 29 -----
Japanese emissaries met here with Secretary of State Cordell Hull after the bombing 
of Pearl Harbor. 
囮The Eisenhower Executive Office Building (EEOB) commands a unique position 
in both the national history and the architectural heritage of the United States. 
Designed by Supervising Architect of the Treasury, Alfred B. Mullett, it was built 
from 1871 to 1888 to house the growing staffs of the State, War, and Navy 
Departments, and is considered one of the best examples of French Second 
Empire architecture in the country. 
[F]Construction took 1 7 years as the building slowly rose wing by wing. When the 
EEOB was finished, it was the largest office building in Washington, with nearly 
2 miles of black and white tiled corridors. Almost all of the interior detail is of 
cast iron or plaster; the use of wood was minimized to insure fire safety. Eight 
monumental curving staircases of granite with over 4,000 individually cast bronze 
balusters are capped by four skylight domes and two stained glass rotundas. 
[GJ The history of the EEOB began long before its foundations were laid. The first
executive offices were constructed between 1799 and 1820. A series of fires 
(including those set by the British in 1814) and overcrowded conditions led to the 
construction of the existing Treasury Building. In 1866, the construction of the 
North Wing of the Treasury Building necessitated the demolition of the State 
Department building. 
亡一亡亡］一亡巨二］一亡亘二］一亡尸］一亡丑二］一亡昼二］
淘
英语一新题型专项 第28页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 30 -----
2019年考研英语一新题型真题
囚These tools can help you win every argument - not in the unhelpful sense of 
beating your opponents but in the better sense of learning about the issues that 
divide people. Leaming why they disagree with us and learning to talk and work 
together with them. If we readjust our view of arguments - from a verbal fight or 
tennis game to a reasoned exchange through which we all gain mutual respect, and 
understanding - then we change the very nature of what it means to "win" an 
argument. 
I_B] Of course, many discussions are not so successful. Still, we need to be careful not 
to accuse opponents of bad arguments too quickly. We need to learn how to 
evaluate them properly. A large part of evaluation is calling out bad arguments, 
but we also need to admit good arguments by opponents and to apply the same 
critical standards to ourselves. Humility requires you to recognize weakness in 
your own arguments and sometimes also to accept reasons on the opposite side. 
[q None of these will be easy but you can start even if others refuse to. Next time 
you state your position, formulate an argument for what you claim and honestly 
ask yourself whether your argument is any good. Next time you talk with 
someone who takes a stand, ask them to give you a reason for their view. Spell 
out their argument fully and charitably. Assess its strength impartially. Raise 
objections and listen carefully to their replies. 
回Carnegie would be right if arguments were fights, which is how we often think of 
them. Like physical fights, verbal fights can leave both sides bloodied. Even 
when you win, you end up no better off. Your prospects would be almost as 
dismal if arguments were even just competitions - like, say, tennis games. Pairs 
of opponents hit the ball back and forth until one winner emerges from all who 
entered. Everybody else loses. This kind of thinking is why so many people try to 
avoid arguments, especially about politics and religion. 
[EJIn his 1936 work How to Win Friends and Influence People, Dale Carnegie wrote: 
南
室
英语一新题型专项 第29页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 31 -----
"There is only one way…to get the best of an argument -and that is to avoid it." 
This aversion to arguments is common, but it depends on a mistaken view of 
arguments that causes profound problems for our personal and social lives -and 
in many ways misses the point of arguing in the first place. 
IF] These views of arguments also undermine reason. If you see a conversation as a 
fight or competition, you can win by cheating as long as you don't get caught. 
You will be happy to convince people with bad arguments. You can call their 
views stupid, or joke about how ignorant they are. None of these tricks will help 
you understand them, their positions or the issues that divide you, but they can 
help you win-in one way. 
[GJ There is a better way to win arguments. Imagine that you favor increasing the
minimum wage in our state, and I do not. If you yell, "Yes," and I yell, "No," 
neither of us learns anything. We neither understand nor respect each other, and 
we have no basis for compromise or cooperation. In contrast, suppose you give a 
reasonable argument: that full-time workers should not have to live in poverty. 
Then I counter with another reasonable argument: that a higher minimum wage 
will force businesses to employ fewer people for less time. Now we can 
understand each other's positions and recognize our shared values, since we both 
care about needy workers. 
亡斗二互二］一亡尸］一亡亘二］－OO 亡亡
南
室
英语一新题型专项 第30页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 32 -----
2020年考研英语一新题型真题
[A] Eye fixations are brief
[B] Too much eye contact is instinctively felt to be rude
[C] Eye contact can be a friendly social signal
[D] Personality can affect how a person reacts to eye contact
[E] Biological factors behind eye contact are being investigated
[F] Most people are not comfortable holding eye contact with strangers
[G] Eye contact can also be aggressive
In a social situation, eye contact with another person can show that you are 
paying attention in a friendly way. But it can also be antagonistic such as when a 
political candidate turns toward their competitor during a debate and makes eye 
contact that signals hostility.Here's what hard science reveals about eye contact: 
[41. 
We know that a typical infant will instinctively gaze into its mother's eyes, and 
she will look back. This mutual gaze is a major part of the attachment between 
mother and child. In adulthood, looking at someone else in a pleasant way can be a 
complimentary sign of paying attention. It can catch someone's attention in a 
crowded room, "Eye contact and smile" can signal availability and confidence, a 
common-sense notion supported in studies by psychologist Monica Moore. 
142. 
Neuroscientist Bonnie Auyeung found that the hormone oxytocin increased the 
amount of eye contact from men toward the interviewer during a brief interview when 
the direction of their gaze was recorded. This was also found in high-functioning men 
with some autistic spectrum symptoms, who may tend to avoid eye contact. Specific 
brain regions that respond during direct gaze are being explored by other researchers, 
using advanced methods of brain scanning. 
南
室
英语一新题型专项 第31页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 33 -----
143. 
With the use of eye-tracking technology, Julia Minson of the Harvard Kennedy 
School of Government concluded that eye contact can signal very different kinds of 
messages,depending on the situation. While eye contact may be a sign of connection 
or trust in friendly situations, it's more likely to be associated with dominance or 
intimidation in adversarial situations. "Whether you're a politician or a parent, it 
might be helpful to keep in mind that trying to maintain eye contact may backfire if 
you're trying to convince someone who has a different set of beliefs than you," said 
Minson. 
144. 
When we look at a face or a picture, our eyes pause on one spot at a time, often 
on the eyes or mouth. These pauses typically occur at about three per second, and the 
eyes then jump to another spot, until several important points in the image, are 
registered like a series of snapshots. How the whole image is then assembled and 
perceived is still a mystery although it is the subject of current research. 
I 45.
In people who score high in a test of neuroticism, a personality dimension 
associated with self-consciousness and anxiety, eye contact triggered more activity 
associated with avoidance,according to the Finnish researcher Jari Hietanen and 
colleagues "Our findings indicate that people do not only feel different when they are 
the centre of attention but that their brain reactions also differ." A more direct finding is 
that people who scored highly for negative emotions like anxiety looked at others for 
shorter periods of time and reported more comfortable feelings when others did not look 
directly at them. 
南
英语一新题型专项 第32页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 34 -----
2021 年考研英语一新题型真题
In the movies and on television, artificial intelligence is typically depicted as
something sinister that will upend our way of life. When it comes to AI in business, we
often hear about it in relation to automation and the impending loss of jobs, but in what
ways is AI changing companies and the larger economy that don't involve doom-and-
gloom mass unemployment predictions?
A recent survey of manufacturing and service industries from Tata Consultancy
Services found that companies currently use AI more often in computer-to-computer
activities than in automating human activities. Here are a few ways AI is aiding
companies without replacing employees:
Better hiring practices
Companies are using artificial intelligence to remove some of the unconscious bias
from hiring decisions. “ There are experiments that show that, naturally, the results
of interviews are much more biased than what AI does,” says Pedro Domingos, author of
The Master Algorithm: How the Quest for the Ultimate Learning Machine Will Remake
Our World and a computer science professor at the University of Washington.
“(41)_______________” One company that's doing this is called Blendoor. It uses
analytics to help identify where there may be bias in the hiring process.
More effective marketing
Some AI software can analyze and optimize marketing email subject lines to
increase open rates. One company in the UK, Phrasee, claims
their
software
can
outperform humans by up to 10 percent when it comes to email open rates. This can
mean millions more in revenue. (42)
These are “tools that help
people use data, not a replacement for people,” says Patrick H.Winston, a professor of
artificial intelligence and computer science at MIT.
Saving customers money
Energy companies can use AI to help customers reduce their electricity bills, saving
them money while helping the environment. Companies can also optimize their own
energy use and cut down on the cost of electricity. Insurance companies, meanwhile, can
base their premiums on AI models that more accurately access risk. Domingos says, "(43)
"
英语一新题型专项 第33页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 35 -----
Improved accuracy
"Machine learning often provides a more reliable form of statistics which makes
data more valuable," says Winston. It" helps people make smarter decisions."
(44)_________________________
Protecting and maintaining infrastructure
A number of companies, particularly in energy and transportation, use AI image
processing technology to inspect infrastructure and prevent equipment failure or leaks
before they happen. "If they fail first and then you fix them , it's very expensive," says
Domingos. “ (45)______________________”
[A] AI replaces the boring parts of your job. If you're doing research, you can have AI go out and
look for relevant sources and information that otherwise you just wouldn't have time for.
[B] One accounting firm, EY, uses an AI system that helps review contracts during an audit. This
process, along with employees reviewing the contracts, is faster and more accurate.
[C] There are also companies like Acquisio, which analyzes advertising performance across multiple
channels like Adwords, Bing and social media and makes adjustments or suggestions about
where advertising funds will yield best results.
[D]
You want to predict if something needs attention now and point to where it's useful for
employees to go to.
[E] Before, they might not insure the ones who felt like a high risk or charge them too much, or they
would charge them too little and then it would cost the company money.
[F]
We're also giving our customers better channels versus picking up the phone to accomplish
something beyond human scale.
[G] AI looks at resumes in greater numbers than humans would be able to, and selects the more
promising candidates.
ˊ
ˊ
英语一新题型专项 第34页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 36 -----
2022年考研英语一新题型真题
(41) Teri Byrd:
I was a zoo and wildlife park employee for years. Both the wildlife park and zoo 
claimed to be operating for the benefit of the animals and for conservation purposes. 
This claim was false. Neither one of them actually participated in any contributions to 
animal research or conservation. They are profitable institutions whose bottom line is 
much more important than the condition of the animals. 
Animals despise being captives in zoos. No matter how you "enhance" enclosures, 
they do not allow for freedom, a natural diet or adequate exercise. Animals end up 
stressed and unhealthy or dead. It's past time for transparency with these institutions, and 
it's past time to eliminate zoos from our culture. 
(42) Karen R. Sime:
As a zoology professor, I agree with Emma Marris that zoo displays can be sad and 
cruel. But she underestimates the educational value of zoos. 
The zoology program at my university attracts students for whom zoo visits were 
the crucial formative experience that led them to major in biological sciences. These are 
mostly students who had no opportunity as children to travel to wilderness areas, 
wildlife refuges or national parks. Although good TV shows can help stir children's 
interest in conservation, they cannot replace the excitement of a zoo visit as an intense, 
immersive and interactive experience. Surely there must be some middle ground that 
balances zoos' treatment of animals with their educational potential. 
(43) Greg Newberry:
Emma Marris's article is an insult and a disservice to the thousands of passionate 
people who work tirelessly to improve the lives of animals and protect our planet. She 
uses outdated research and decades-old examples to undermine the noble mission of 
organizations committed to connecting children to a world beyond their own. 
Zoos are at the forefront of conservation and constantly evolving to improve how 
they care for animals and protect each species in its natural habitat. Are there tragedies? 
Of course. But they are the exception, not the norm that Ms. Marris implies. A distressed 
animal in a zoo will get as good or better treatment than most of us at our local hospital. 
(44) Dean Gall ea:
As a fellow environmentalist, animal-protection advocate and longtime vegetarian, I 
英语一新题型专项 第35页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 37 -----
could properly be in the same camp as Emma Marris on the issue of zoos. But I believe 
that well-run zoos, and the heroic animals that suffer their captivity, do serve a higher 
purpose. Were it not for opportunities to observe these beautiful, wild creatures close to 
home, many more people would be driven by their fascination to travel to wild areas to 
seek out, disturb and even hunt them down. 
Zoos are, in that sense, similar to natural history and archeology museums, serving
to satisfy our need for contact with these living creatures while leaving the vast majority 
undisturbed in their natural environments. 
(45) John Fraser:
Emma Marris selectively describes and misrepresents the findings of our research. 
Our studies focused on the impact of zoo experiences on how people think about 
themselves and nature, and the data points extracted from our studies do not, in any way, 
discount what is learned in a zoo visit. 
Zoos are tools for thinking. Our research provides strong support for the value of 
zoos in connecting people with animals and with nature. Zoos provide a critical voice for 
conservation and environmental protection. They afford an opportunity for people from 
all backgrounds to encounter a range of animals, from drone bees to springbok or salmon, 
to better understand the natural world we live in. 
[A]
Zoos which spare no effort to take care of animals should not be subjected
to unfair criticism.
[B] To pressure zoos to spend less on their animals would lead to inhumane outcomes
for the precious creatures in their care.
[ C]
While animals in captivity deserve sympathy, zoos play a significant role in
starting young people down the path of related sciences.
[D] Zoos save people trips to wilderness areas and thus contribute to wildlife
conservation.
[ E ] For wild animals that cannot be returned to their natural habitats, zoos off er the 
best alternative. 
[F]
Zoos should have been closed down as they prioritize money making over animals'
wellbeing.
[ G] Marris distorts our findings which actually prove that zoos serve as an
indispensable link between man and nature.
英语一新题型专项 第36页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 38 -----
2023年考研英语一新题型真题
[A] Last year marked the 150th anniversary of a series of Yellowstone photographs by the
renowned landscape photographer William Henry Jackson. Jackson snapped the
first-ever shots of iconic landmarks such as the Tetons, Old Faithful and the Colorado
Rockies on a late 19th-century expedition through the Yellowstone Basin, conducted by
the head of the U.S. Geological and Geographical Survey of the Territories, Ferdinand V.
Hayden. The team included a meteorologist, a zoologist, a mineralogist, and an
agricultural statistician.
[B] Two centuries ago, the idea of preserving nature, rather than exploiting it, was a novel
one to many US settlers. One of the turning points in public support for land
conservation efforts—and recognizing the magnificence of the Yellowstone region in
particular—came in the form of vivid photographs.
[C] As an effective Washington operator, Hayden sensed that he could capitalize on the
expedition’s stunning visuals. He asked Jackson to print out large copies and distributed
them, along with reproductions of Moran's paintings, to each member of Congress. “The
visualization, particularly those photographs, really hit home that this is something that
has to be protected,” says Alicia Murphy, Yellowstone’s
park historian.
[D] Throughout the trip, Jackson juggled multiple cameras and plate sizes using the collodion
process that involved coating the plates with a chemical mixture, exposing them and
developing the resulting images with a portable darkroom. The crude technique required
educated guesses on exposure times, and involved heavy, awkward equipment—several
men had to assist in its transportation. Despite these challenges, Jackson captured dozens
of striking photos, ranging from majestic images like his now-famous snapshot of Old
Faithful, to casual portraits of expedition members at the camp. While veterans of
previous expeditions had written at length about stunning sights, these vivid photographs
were another thing entirely.
[E] The journey officially began in Ogden, Utah, on June 8, 1871. Over nearly four months,
dozens of men made their way on horseback into Montana and traversed along the
Yellowstone River and around Yellowstone Lake. That fall, they concluded the survey in
Fort Bridger, Wyoming.
[F] Though Native Americans (and later miners and fur trappers) had long recognized the
英语一新题型专项 第37页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 39 -----
area’s riches, most Americans did not. That’s why Hayden’s expedition aimed to
produce a fuller understanding of the Yellowstone River region, from its hot springs and
waterfalls to its variety of flora and fauna. In addition to the entourage of scientists, the
team also included artists: Painter Thomas Moran and photographer Jackson were
charged with capturing this astounding natural beauty and sharing it with the world.
[G] The bill proved largely popular and sailed through Congress with large majorities in
favor. In quick succession, the Senate and House passed legislation protecting
Yellowstone in early 1872. That March, President Ulysses S. Grant signed an act into
law that established Yellowstone as the world’s first national park. While some locals
opposed the designation, the decision was largely accepted—and Jackson’s photos
played a key role in the fight to protect the area. “I don’t believe that the legal protection
would have happened in the time frame that it did without those images,” says Heather
Hansen, journalist and author of Prophets and Moguls, Rangers and Rogues, Bison and
Bears: 100 Years of the National Park Service.
[H] Perhaps most importantly, these images provided documentary evidence that later made
its way to government officials. Weeks after completing the expedition, Hayden
collected his team’s observations into an extensive report aimed at convincing senators
and representatives, along with colleagues at government agencies like the Department
of the Interior, that Yellowstone ought to be preserved.
→
→
→
→
→
→
→
41.
A
42.
E
43.
H
44.
45.
英语一新题型专项 第38页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 40 -----
2024年考研英语一新题型真题
(41) Hannah
Simply, there are people in Nigeria who cannot travel to the Smithsonian Institution to
see that part of their history and culture represented by the Benin Bronzes. These should be
available to them as part of their cultural heritage and history and as a source of national
pride. There is no good reason that these artifacts should be beyond the ordinary reach of the
educational objectives or inspiration of the generations to which they were left. They serve no
purpose in a museum in the United States or elsewhere except as curious objects. They
cannot be compared to works of art produced for sale which can be passed from hand to
hand and place to place by purchase.
(42) Buck
We know very exact reproductions of artwork can be and are regularly produced.
Perhaps museums and governments might explore some role for the use of nearly exact
reproductions as a means of resolving issues relating to returning works of art and
antiquities. The context of any exhibit is more important to me than whether the object being
displayed is 2,000 years old or 2 months old. In many cases the experts have a hard time
agreeing on what is the real object and what is a forgery. Again, the story an exhibit is trying
to tell is what matters. The monetary value of the objects on display is a distant second place
in importance.
(43) Sara
When visiting the Baltimore Museum of Art, I came across a magnificent 15th- century
Chinese sculpture. It inspired me to learn more about the culture that it represented. Artifacts
in museums have the power to inspire, and perhaps spark that need to learn and understand
the nature of their creators. Having said that, I do feel that whatever artifacts find their way
to public museums should, in fact, be sanctioned as having been obtained on loan, legally
purchased, or obtained by
treaty. Stealing artifacts from other peoples' cultures is obscene;
it robs not only the physical objects, but the dignity and spirit of their creators.
(44) Victor
Ancient art that is displayed in foreign countries by all means should be returned to the
original country. The foreign countries have no right to hold back returning the items. I
would ask that the foreign nations and the original country discuss the terms of transfer.
Yes, there is the risk that the original country will not have as good security as do the
foreign countries. But look at what happened to Boston's Gardner Museum theft in 1990,
including the loss of Rembrandt, Vermeer, Manet, and other masterpieces. Nothing is
英语一新题型专项 第39页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 41 -----
absolutely safe nowhere. And now Climate Change agitators are attacking publicly displayed
works in European museums.
(45) Julia
To those of you in the comments section who are having strong feelings about artifacts
being removed from cities in the U.S.and Britain and returned to their countries of origin, I
would ask you to consider: why do you think Americans have more of a right to easily
access the Benin Bronzes than the people of Nigeria? Why are people who live within a
day's drive of London entitled to go and see the Elgin Marbles whenever they want, but the
people of Athens aren't? What intrinsic factors make the West a suitable home for these
artifacts but preclude them from being preserved and displayed by their countries of origin?
If your conclusion is that the West is better able to preserve these artifacts, think about why
you're assuming that to be true.
[A] It is clear that the countries of origin have never been compensated for the stolen
artifacts.
[B] It is a flawed line ofreasoning to argue against returning artifacts to their countries of
origin.
[C] Museum visitors can still learn as much from artifacts' copies after the originals are
returned.
[D] Reproductions, even if perfectly made, cannot take the place of the authentic objects.
[E]The real value of artifacts can only be recognized in their countries of origin rather than
anywhere else.
[F]Ways to get artifacts from other countries must be decent and lawful.
[G]Concern over security is no excuse for refusing to return artifacts to their countries of
origin.
英语一新题型专项 第40页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 42 -----
2025年考研英语一新题型真题
[A]. Peters likes to photograph butterflies in a landscape, celebrating the beauty of their
surroundings as well as the insects themselves. His pictures of a Glanville fritillary rising
from the sea-pinks beside the chalk cliffs of Compton Bay on the Isle of Wight are
particularly glorious. These take-off shots are even more challenging because they
require a wide-angle lens, which means he must be less than 2cm from the butterfly. It's
incredibly difficult to get that close to a skittish, sun-warmed insect. Unlike some
photographers, who “cheat” by keeping insects in a fridge to slow them down, Peters
refuses to tamper with wild butterflies.
[B]. Peters' signature shot is a butterfly “take-off”, showing the multiple wing-beats of one
butterfly in one frame as it lifts off from a flower. How does he capture it? Technology
helps. A typical digital SLR camera shoots 20 frames a second. He uses a high-speed
OM System which shoots 120 frames a second.
[C]. Britain has relatively few butterfly species compared with mainland Europe and 80% are
in decline, mostly because intensive chemical farming has reduced many species to tiny
fragments of habitat and small nature reserves. Global heating is benefiting some species
but others are too isolated to find suitable new habitat, and gardening habits—paving
over gardens and using pesticides—aren’t helping either. Butterflies may not pollinate as
many plants as wild bees and hoverflies, but because British butterflies are the
best-studied group of insects in the world, they are an extremely useful indicator of the
wider declines in flying insects.
[D]. Five years ago, at summer’s end, Andrew Fusek Peters was diagnosed with bowel cancer.
“I was waiting for surgery, feeling really ill, sitting in my garden. It was amazing
weather and there were painted lady butterflies everywhere,” he says. “They were a
symbol of fragile life, of hope and defiance, and something appealed to my soul.”
[E]. That makes it sound easy, and artificial, but Peters insists it is still a massive challenge.
He typically takes between 10,000 and 20,000 shots to get one butterfly take-off
sequence in focus. At such high shutter speeds, the depth of field is tiny, and as
butterflies do not fly in a straight line they swiftly flutter out of focus. As well as
thousands of attempts, it takes patience and fieldcraft to anticipate a butterfly's likely
flight-line—and catch it—in focus.
英语一新题型专项 第41页 小红书：蜜团儿学姐

----- PAGE 43 -----
[F]. So what's the appeal of a long, sweaty day in pursuit of an elusive, fast-moving wil
英语一新题型专项
第42 页
蜜团儿学姐
d
animal? “It just feels bloody brilliant,” says Peters. “If I've had a full day of good
encounters with butterflies, met interesting butterfly people and I’ve got some good
shots, that becomes a vault in my spiritual bank. It’s a happy feeling.”
[G]. A children’s author and poet who had become a keen amateur photographer, Peters
watched the butterflies and idly wondered if he could capture them in flight. It swiftly
became an obsession as he recovered from a successful operation to remove the cancer.
In recent summers, he has travelled the length and breadth of Britain to photograph all
58 native species of butterfly. Now the fruits of those summers have been published in a
beautiful new book.
[H]. A butterfly takes off so quickly it is still impossible to react quickly enough to capture
that take-off but if he half-presses the shutter, the camera saves the 70 previous frames
before the moment he actually takes the picture. “It's time travel, so I don't miss the
moment of take-off,” he says. After he's captured the butterfly taking off, he layers 10 to
15 frames together in Photoshop.

----- PAGE 44 -----
2005-2025英语一新题型答案速查
2005年英语一新题型答案
41.E
42.C
43.G
45.B
44.F
2006年英语一新题型答案
41.C
42.A
43.B
44.F
45.D
2007年英语一新题型答案
41.F
42.D
43.B
45.E
44.C
2008年英语一新题型答案
43.A
41.D
42.G
44.C
45.E
2009年英语一新题型答案
43.A
45.G
41.C
42.E
44.B
2010年英语一新题型答案
42.F
41.B
43.D
45.A
44.G
2011年英语一新题型答案
41.B
42.D
45.F
43.A
44.C
2012年英语一新题型答案
41.C
42.D
43.A
45.G
44.F
2013年英语一新题型答案
42.F
41.E
43.D
45.A
44.G
2014年英语一新题型答案
43.G
45.B
41.C
42.F
44.D
2015年英语一新题型答案
41.C
42.E
43.G
44.B
45.A
2016年英语一新题型答案
43.D
44.E
45.G
41.C
42.F
2017年英语一新题型答案
41.F
42.E
45.G
43.A
44.C
2018年英语一新题型答案
41.E
42.G
43.A
44.B
45.D
2019年英语一新题型答案
41.E
43.G
44.B
45.A
42.D
2020年英语一新题型答案
43.G
41.C
42.E
44.A
45.D
2021年英语一新题型答案
43.E
41.G
42.C
45.D
44.B
2022年英语一新题型答案
42.C
45.G
43.A
41.F
44.D
2023年英语一新题型答案
41.B
42.F
43.D
44.C
45.G
2024年英语一新题型答案
41.E
42.C
43.F
44.G
45.B
2025年英语一新题型答案
41.D
42.G
44.E
43.B
45.F
英语一新题型专项第43页蜜团儿学姐
