
----- PAGE 1 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（二） 

----- PAGE 2 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（二） 
- 2 - 
Part I 
Writing 
(30 minutes) 
Directions : For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay on the importance of having a sense of 
family responsibility. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words. 
Part II Listening Comprehension 
(25 minutes) 
Answer the questions 1 to 4 based on the following conversation. 
1. 
A.It focuses exclusively on jazz.
B.It sponsors major jazz concerts.
C.It has several branches in London.
D.It displays albums by new music talents.
2. 
A.It originated with cowboys.
B.Its market has now shrunk.
C.Its listeners are mostly young people.
D.It remains as widespread as hip hop music.
3. 
A.Its definition is varied and complicated.
B.It is still going through experimentation.
C.It is frequently accompanied by singing.
D.Its style has remained largely unchanged.
4. 
A.Learn to play them.
B.Take music lessons.
C.Listen to them yourself.
D.Consul jazz musicians.
Answer the questions 5 to 8 based on the following conversation. 
5. 
A.She paid her mortgage.
B.She called on the man.
C.She made a business plan.
D.She went to the bank.
6. 
A.Her previous debt hadn&#39;t been cleared yet.
B.Her credit history was considered poor.
C.She had apparently asked for too much.
D.She didn&#39;t pay her mortgage in time.
7. 
A.Pay a debt long overdue
B.Buy a piece of property
C.Start her own business
D.Check her credit history
8. 
A.Seek advice from an expert about fundraising.
B.Ask for smaller loans from different lenders.
C.Build up her own finances step by step.
D.Revise her business proposal carefully.
Directions: Answer the questions 9 to 11 based on the following passage. 
9. 
A.It is profitable and environmentally friendly.
B.It is well located and completely automated.
C.It is small and unconventional.
D.It is fertile and productive.

----- PAGE 3 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（二） 
- 3 - 
10. 
A.Their urge to make farming more enjoyable.
B.Their desire to improve farming equipment.
C.Their hope to revitalize traditional farming.
D.Their wish to set a new farming standard.
11. 
A.It saves a lot of electricity.
B.It needs little maintenance.
C.It causes hardly any pollution.
D.It loosens soil while weeding.
Directions: Answer the questions 12 to 15 based on the following passage. 
12. 
A.It has turned certain insects into a new food source.
B.It has started on expand business outside the UK.
C.It has imported some exotic foods from overseas.
D.It has joined hands with Sainsbury&#39;s to sell pet insects.
13. 
A.It was really unforgettable.
B.It was a pleasant surprise.
C.It hurt his throat slightly.
D.It made him feel strange.
14. 
A.They are more tasty than beef, chicken or pork.
B.They are more nutritious than soups and salads.
C.They contain more protein than conventional meats.
D.They will soon gain popularity throughout the world.
15. 
A.It is environmentally friendly.
B.It is a promising industry.
C.It requires new technology.
D.It saves huge amounts of labour.
Directions: Answer the questions 16 to 18 based on the following recording. 
16. 
A.To categorize different types of learners.
B.To find out what students prefer to learn.
C.To understand the mechanism of the human brain.
D.To see if they are inherent traits affecting learning.
17. 
A.It was defective.
B.It was misguided.
C.It was original in design.
D.It was thought-provoking.
18. 
A.Auditory aids are as important as visual aids.
B.Visual aids are helpful to all types of learners.
C.Reading plain texts is more effective than viewing pictures.
D.Scientific concepts are hard to understand without visual app.
Directions: Answer the questions 19 to 21 based on the following recording. 
19. 
A.Not playing a role in a workplace revolution.

----- PAGE 4 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（二） 
- 4 - 
B.Not benefiting from free-market capitalism.
C.Not earning enough money to provide for the family.
D.Not spending enough time on family life and leisure.
20. 
A.People would be working only fifteen hours a week now.
B.The balance of power in the workplace would change.
C.Technological advances would create many new jobs.
D.Most workers could afford to have house of their own.
21. 
A.Loss of workers&#39; personal dignity.
B.Deprivation of workers&#39; creativity.
C.Deterioration of workers&#39; mental health.
D.Unequal distribution of working hours.
Directions: Answer the questions 22 to 25 based on the following recording. 
22. 
A.It is the worst managed airport in German history.
B.It is now the biggest and busiest airport in Europe.
C.It has become something of a joke among Germans.
D.It has become a typical symbol of German efficiency.
23. 
A.The city&#39;s airports are outdated.
B.The city had just been reunified.
C.The city wanted to boost its economy.
D.The city wanted to attract more tourists.
24. 
A.The municipal government kept changing hands.
B.The construction firm breached the contract.
C.Shortage of funding delayed is construction.
D.Problems of different kinds kept popping up.
25. 
A.Tourism industry in Berlin suffers.
B.All kinds of equipment gets rusted.
C.Huge maintenance costs accumulate.
D.Complaints by local residents increase.
Part III Reading Comprehension 
(40 minutes) 
The number of devices you can talk to is multiplying—first it was your phone,then your car, and now you can 
tell your kitchen appliance what to do. But even without gadgets that understand our spoken commands, research 
suggests that, as bizarre as it sounds, under certain 26, people regularly ascribe human traits to everyday objects. 
Sometimes we see things as human because we are 27. In one experiment,people who reported feeling isolated 
were more likely than others to attribute 28to various gadgets. In turn, feeling close to objects can 29loneliness. 
When college students were reminded of a time they had been 30in a social setting they compensated by 
exaggerating their number of friends—unless they were first given tasks that caused them to interact with their 
phone as if it had human qualities. The phone 31stood in for real friends. 
At other times, we personify products on an effort to understand them. One study found that three in four 
respondents yelled at their computer. Further,the more their computer gave them problems, the more likely the 
respondents were to report that it had its own "beliefs and 32". 

----- PAGE 5 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（二） 
- 5 - 
So how do people assigh traits to an object? In part, we rely on looks. On humans, wide faces are 33with 
dominance. Similarly, people rated cars, clocks and watches with wide faces as more dominant-looking than narrow- 
faced ones,andpreferred them—especially in 34situations. An analysis of car sales in Germany found that cars with 
grilles(护栅)that were up turned like smiles sold best. The purchasers saw this 35as increasing a car's friendliness. 
A.alleviate
B.apparently
C.arrogant
D.associated
E.circumstances
F.competitive
G.conceded
H.consciousness
I.desires
J.excluded
K.feature
L.lonely
M.separate
N.spectacularly
O.warrant
How Much Protein Do You Really Need? 
[A] The marketing is enticing: Get stronger muscles and healthier bodies with minimal effort by adding protein
powder to your morning shake or juice drink. Or grab a protein bar at lunch or for a quick snack. Today, you can 
find protein supplements everywhere-online, at the pharmacy grocery store, or health food store. They come in 
powders, pills, and bars. With more than $12 billion in sales this year, the industry is booming and, according to the 
market research company, Grand View Research, is on track to sell billions more by 2025. But do we really need all 
this supplemental protein? It depends. There are pros, cons and some ho-hums to consider. 
[B] For starters, protein is critical for every cell in our body. It helps build nails, hair, bones, and muscles. It can
also help you feel fuller longer than eating foods without protein. And, unlike nutrients that are found only in a few 
foods, protein is pretty much ubiquitous. "The typical American diet is a lot higher in protein than a lot of us think, 
"says registered dietitian Angela Pipitone with Johns Hopkins McKusick-Nathans Institute of Genetic Medicine. She 
says it's in foods many of us expect, such as beef, chicken, and other types of meat and dairy. But it's also in foods 
that may not come immediately to mind like vegetables, fruit, beans and grains. 
[C] The U.S. government's recommended daily allowance (RDA) for the average adult is 50 to 60 grams of protein a
day. This may sound like a lot, but Pipitone says: “We get bits of protein here and there and that really adds up 
throughout the day. "Take, for example, breakfast. If you ate two eggs topped with a little bit of cheese and an 
orange on the side, you already have 22 grams of protein. Each egg gives you 7 grams; the cheese gives you around 
6 grams and the orange - about 2 grams. Add a lunch of chicken, rice, and broccoli, and you are already over the 
recommended 50 grams. "You can get enough protein and meet the RDA before you even get to dinner, says 
Pipitone. 
[D]So if it's so easy to get your protein in food, why add more in the form of powders, snack bars or a boost at your
local juice bar? No need to, says Pipitone because, in fact, most of us already get enough protein in our diet. “Whole 
foods are always the best option rather than adding supplements,” she says, noting the FDA does not regulate 
supplements as stringently as foods or drugs, so there could be less protein, more sugar, and some additives you 
wouldn’t expect, such as caffeine and even steroids. 
[E]If you are considering a supplement, read the list of ingredients, she says although this is not always foolproof.
"I’ve seen very expensive protein supplements that claim to be high quality but they might not really be beneficial 
for the average healthy adult,” she says. "It could just be a waste of money.” 
[F]But there are certain situations that do warrant extra protein. "Anytime you're in an anabolic state or building
muscle,” Pipitone says, such as if you're an extreme endurance athlete, training for a marathon, or you're a body 
builder. If you're moderately exercising for 150 minutes a week, as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
recommends, or less than that, you're probably not an extreme athlete. Extreme athletes expend lots of energy 
breaking down and repairing and building muscles. Protein can give them the edge they need to speed along that 
process. 

----- PAGE 6 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（二） 
- 6 - 
[G] Vegans can benefit from protein supplements since they do not eat animal-based protein sources like meat, dairy,
or eggs. And, for someone always on-the-go who may not have time for a meal, a protein snack bar can be a good 
option for occasional meal replacement. Also, individuals recovering from surgery or an injury can also benefit from 
extra protein. So, too, can older people. At around age 60, "muscles really start to break down, " says Kathryn Starr, 
an aging researcher at Duke University School of Medicine," and because of that, in addition to the fact that as we 
get older our body's ability to break down protein is reduced, the protein needs of an older adult actually increases." 
[H] In fact, along with her colleague Connie Bales, Starr recently conducted a small study that found that adding
extra protein foods to the diet of obese older individuals who were trying to lose weight strengthened their muscles. 
Participants in the study were separated into two groups—one group was asked to eat 30 grams of protein per meal 
in the form of whole foods. That meant they were eating 90 grams of protein a day. The other group—the control 
group—was put on a typical low-calorie diet with about 50 to 60 grams of protein a day. 
[I] After six months, researchers found the high protein group had significantly improved their muscle function -
almost twice as much as the control group. “They were able to walk faster, had improved balance, and were also 
able to get up out of a chair faster than the control group,” Starr says. All 67 participants were over 60 years of age, 
and both groups lost about the same amount of weight. Starr is now looking into whether high-protein diets also 
improve the quality of the muscle itself in seniors. She's using CT scans to measure muscle size and fat, and 
comparing seniors on a high-protein diet to those on regular diets. She says her findings should be available in a 
couple of months. 
[J]In the meantime, 70-year-old Corliss Keith, who was in the high protein group in Starr's latest study, says she
feels a big difference. "I feel excellent, "she says, "I feel like I have a different body, I have more energy, I'm 
stronger.” She says she is able to take Zumba exercise classes three times a week, work out on the treadmill and take 
long, brisk walks. Keith also lost more than 15 pounds. " I'm a fashionable person, so now I'm back in my three-inch 
heels,” she says. 
[K]As people age, researcher Starr says muscle strength is key to helping them stay strong and continue living on
their own in their own home. “I feel very much alive now,"says Keith, "I feel like I could stay by myself until I'm 
100.” 
[L]But can people overdo protein? Pipitone says you do have to be careful. Too much protein can cause nausea,
cramps, headaches, fatigue, and bloating. Dehydration is also a risk when you eat too much protein. Pipitone says if 
you increase protein, you also have to increase your fluid intake. “I always tell people to make sure they're drinking 
enough fluids,” which for the average person is 60 to 70 ounces a day, which translates into eight 8-ounce glasses of 
water or liquid per day. 
[M]There have been some indications that extra protein makes the kidneys work harder which could be problematic
for individuals with a history of kidney disease and for them, the supplements may increase the risk of kidney 
stones, she says. 
[N]Bottom Line: if you think you need more protein in your diet, consider these questions: Are you are an extreme
athlete; are you recovering from injury or surgery; or are you are 60 years or older? If so, adding high protein foods 
like eggs and meat products to your diet can be beneficial. And, if you're not sure, it is always a good idea to check 
with your primary care provide. 
36. It is quite easy for one to take in the recommended amount of protein.
37. Pipitone claims that healthy adults need not spend money on protein supplements.
38.The protein supplement business is found to be thriving.

----- PAGE 7 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（二） 
- 7 - 
39. Protein can speed the repairing of damaged muscles.
40. Protein supplements may overburden some internal organ, thus leading to its malfunctioning.
41.Older adults need to take in more protein to keep their muscles strong.
42. Protein is found in more foods than people might realize.
43. Additional protein was found to help strengthen the muscles of overweight seniors seeking weight loss.
44.Pipitone believes that whole foods provide the best source of protein.
45. People are advised to drink more liquid when they take in more protein.
Last year, a child was born at a hospital in the UK with her heart outside her body. Few babies survive this rare 
condition, and those who do must endure numerous operations and are likely to have complex needs. When her 
mother was interviewed, three weeks after her daughter's birth, she was asked if she was prepared for what might be 
a daunting(令人生畏的) task caring for her. She answered without hesitation that, as far as she was concerned, this 
would be a "privilege". 
Rarely has there been a better example of the power of attitude, one of our most powerful psychological tools. 
Our attitudes allow us to turn mistakes into opportunities, and loss into the chance for new beginnings. An attitude is 
a settled way of thinking, feeling and/ or behaving towards particular objects, people, events or ideologies. We use 
our attitudes to filter, interpret and react to the world around us. You weren t born with attitudes; rather they are all 
learned, and this happens in a number of ways. 
The most powerful influences occur during early childhood and include both what happened to you directly, 
and what those around you did and said in your presence. As you acquire a distinctive identity your attitudes are 
further refined by the behavior of those with whom you identify—your family, those of your gender and culture, and 
the people you admire, even though you may not know them personally.Friendships and other important relationships 
become increasingly important, particularly during adolescence. About that same time and throughout adulthood, the 
information you receive, especially when ideas are repeated in association with goals and achievements you find 
attractive, also refines your attitudes. 
Many people assume that our attitudes are internally consistent, that is, the way you think and feel about 
someone or something predicts your behavior towards them. However, many studies have found that feelings and 
thoughts don't necessarily predict behavior. In general, your attitudes will be internally consistent only when the 
behavior is easy, and when those around you hold similar beliefs. That's why, for example, many say they believe in 
the benefits of recycling or exercise, but don't behave in line with their views, because it takes awareness, effort and 
courage to go beyond merely stating that you believe something is a good idea. 
One of the most effective ways to change an attitude is to start behaving as if you already feel and think the way 
you'd prefer to. Take some time to reflect on your attitudes, to think about what you believe and why. Is there 
anything you consider a burden rather than a privilege? If so, start behaving-right now-as if the latter is the case. 
46. What do we learn from the passage about attitude?
A. It shapes our beliefs and ideologies.
B. It improves our psychological wellbeing.
C. It determines how we respond to our immediate environment.
D.It changes the way we think, feel and interact with one another.

----- PAGE 8 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（二） 
- 8 - 
47. What can contribute to the refinement of one's attitude, according to the passage?
A.Their idols’behaviors.
B.Their educational level.
C.Their contact with the opposite gender.
D.Their interaction with different cultures.
E. 
48. What do many studies find about people's feelings and thoughts?
A.They may not suggest how a person is going to behave.
B.They are in a way consistent with a person&#39;s mentality.
C.They may not find expression in interpersonal relations.
D.They are in line with a person&#39;s behavior no matter what.
49. How come many people don't do what they believe is good?
A.They can&#39;t afford the time.
B.They have no idea how to.
C.They are hypocritical.
D.They lack willpower.
50. What is proposed as a strategy to change attitude?
A.Changing things that require one&#39;s immediate attention.
B.Starting to act in a way that embodies one&#39;s aspirations.
C.Adjusting one&#39;s behavior gradually over a period of time.
D.Considering ways of reducing one&#39;s psychological burdens.
Industrial fishing for krill(磷虾) in the unspoilt waters around Antarctica is threatening the future of one of the 
worlds last great wildernesses, according to a new report. 
The study by Greenpeace analysed the movements of krill fishing vessels in the region and found they were 
increasingly operating &quot;in the immediate vicinity of penguin colonies and whale-feeding grounds&quot;.It also 
highlights incidents of fishing boats being involved in groundings, oil spills and accidents, which posed a serious 
threat to the Antarctic ecosystem. 
The report, published on Tuesday, comes amid growing concern about the impact of fishing and climate change 
on the Antarctic. A global campaign has been launched to create a network of ocean sanctuaries to protect the seas in 
the region and Greenpeace is calling for an immediate halt to fishing in areas being considered for sanctuary status. 
Frida Bengtsson from Greenpeace's Protect the Antarctic campaign said:"If the krill industry wants to show it's a 
responsible player, then it should be voluntarily getting out of any area which is being proposed as an ocean 
sanctuary, and should instead be backing the protection of these huge tracts of the Antarctic." 
A global campaign has been launched to turn a huge tract of Antarctic seas into ocean sanctuaries protecting 
wildlife and banning not just krill fishing, but all fishing. One was created in the Ross Sea in 2016, another reserve is 
being proposed in a vast area of the Weddell Sea, and a third sanctuary is under consideration in the area west of the 
Antarctic Peninsula--a key krill fishing area. 
The Commission for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources(CCAMLR) manages the seas 
around Antarctica. It will decide on the Weddell Sea sanctuary proposal at a conference in Australia in October, 
although a decision on the peninsula sanctuary is not expected until later. 
Keith Reid, a science manager at CCAMLR, said that the organisation sought"a balance between protection, 
conservation and sustainable fishing in the Southern Ocean. He said although more fishing was taking place nearer 
penguin colonies it was often happening later in the season when these colonies were empty. 
The creation of a system of marine protected areas is a key part of ongoing scientific and policy discussions in 
CCAMLR, " he added."Our long-term operation in the region depends on a healthy and thriving Antarctic marine 
ecosystem, which is why we have always had an open dialogue with the environmental non-governmental 

----- PAGE 9 -----
2019年12月大学英语六级考试真题（二） 
- 9 - 
organisations. We strongly intend to continue this dialogue, including talks with Greenpeace, to discuss 
improvements based on the latest scientific data. We are not the ones to decide on the establishment of marine 
protected areas, but we hope to contribute positivelly with our knowledge and experience. 
51. What does Greenpeace's study find about krill fishing?
A. It caused a great many penguins and whales to migrate.
B.It was depriving penguins and whales of their habitats.
C.It was carried out too close to the habitats of penguins and whales.
D.It posed an unprecedented threat to the wildlife around Antarctica.
52. For what purpose has a global campaign been launched?
A.To reduce the impact of climate change on Antarctica.
B.To establish conservation areas in the Antarctic region.
C.To regulate krill fishing operations in the Antarctic seas.
D.To publicise the concern about the impact of krill fishing.
53. What is Greenpeace's recommendation to the krill industry? A) Opting to operate away from the suggested
conservation areas. B) olunteering to protect the endangered species in the Antarctic. C) Refraining from krill fishing
throughout the breeding season. D) Showing its sense of responsibility by leading the global campaign.
A.Opting to operate away from the suggested conservation areas.
B.olunteering to protect the endangered species in the Antarctic.
C.Refraining from krill fishing throughout the breeding season.
D.Showing its sense of responsibility by leading the global campaign.
54. What did CCAMLR aim to do according to its science manager?
A.Raise public awareness of the vulnerability of Antarctic species.
B.Ban all commercial fishing operations in the Southern Ocean.
C.Keep the penguin colonies from all fishing interference.
D.Sustain fishing without damaging the Antarctic ecosystem.
55. How does ccamlr define its role in the conservation of the Antarctic environment?
A.A coordinator in policy discussions.
B.An authority on big data analysis.
C.A provider of the needed expertise.
D.An initiator of marine sanctuaries.
Part IV 
Translation 
(30 minutes) 
For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. 
牡丹花色艳丽，形象高雅，象征着和平与繁荣，因而在中国被称为“花中之王”。中国许多地方都培育和种植
牡丹。千百年来，创造了许多诗歌和绘画赞美牡丹。唐代时期，牡丹在皇家园林普遍种植并被誉为国花，因
而特别风行。十世纪时，洛阳古城成为牡丹栽培中心，而且这一地位一直保持到今天。现在，成千上万的国
内游客蜂拥到洛阳参加一年一度的牡丹节，欣赏洛阳牡丹独特之美，同时探索九朝古都的历史。
